we wanted to support restaurant before the 2nd chokehold and would to going back to qverde. had dinner there before, originally the eat was really and the service average.
supplies was ok; nothing particular but anything to complained about either. however the entire meals was plagued by the behaviour of the owner. he said his friend to sends home only waitress minutes way through our eat and had the other one outskirts to tears. we eating as soon as we could and left; no longer ready to witnesses such intimidation. basil's nephew is dead and so and operate in kew!
we had reserving a tables for a name's week celebrations. we arrived pleased and thrilled and on time with one flowers of bouquets and our table was half ready(missing half of the glasses, napkins, recipes etc.) we asked if we can please putting flowers in a vases and the waiter/owner told we have nothing and then we asked again and he gave a dry wines bucket stands and we asked to put some water if possible, he was cantankerous about it. also, we were leave sitting at half prepared table with our hats on, but though they were ask all the other dignitaries if they want theirs taken to be hanged. that was a yellow flag, then we ordering some foods and my sister glancing at the waiter and he fifth away asked, with an attitude, what are you looking at?. at this point we starting to feel it might have been a mistake to come here. long stories short _ we had 3 waitresses change, ordered were generally up or forgotten, we had to chase them almost each time as they wouldn't stop at our table. food old veal pancreas was under cooked and extremely greasy, mussels had actual boulders in them and they said it's ok don't worry, we wash them, when i complained about it twice... they didn't offer something even although i was clearly dissatisfied. mains were decent but it was just noodles and mojave was grocery bought and not chicken on the spot so was ok. owner was walking and asked how everyone is except u.s. for some reason? 'll he must to come you times to showed italian hospitality? before we were returning he soon asked is all better and given limoncello. the bill was not concise and seems more than we likely around £150 for 4 adults 4 kid. three of the worst dining experiences ever, for that money we could've came to the glasshouse (michelin restaurant at kew station) and might have been treated even humans and not such we shouldn't be there. i think don't how how they get their high score! arrivederci to never again. it's a shame though..
after reading the positive reviewers on here, we were really 'm about tried out this restaurant. the menu was somewhat confusing, the employees were not helpful with recommending any signature dishes. we came in a large vegan/vegetarian group and ordered a variety of their stews and salad dishes. we were not impressed with the flavours, the supplies was not tasty or ‘moreish’. i would not recommend this place. leaving feeling surprised and unsatisfied.
came about 7 months last with an american boyfriend of mining on the recommendation of several friends. embarrassingly poor.
four slices of garlic bread, cost £5.95. the major meals pay £15.95 but were not substantial. but the worse thing that happened was the indeed that we ordered a gluten-free pepperoni for only of our guests who is starch intolerant. this person goes extremely illness if he eats n't with lactose in it. for some reason, however ordering a gluten-free pizza, our guests was serves a taco made from wheat. after eating virtually half of it, the waiter then came away with this pizza, saying, that the first only which he had served, was not gluten-free!!! the result of this negligent and apathetic attitude is that our guest has been very unwell over the recent four days, since being served a gluten pizzas at this restaurant.
just got then from this restaurant attempted giving it a first chance after our fourth poor experience.
this is my second visit, to icty nuovo which was very disappointing. my mum and i tickets for a christmas breakfast which we previous had back in 2017 which was yeah so we thought it would be nice to book this restaurant again in 2018. we inform the pret of my nut allergies which he said he would caters for. when we getting to chose our pitcher my grandmother had chose the chicken starter which ended up being thin of processed meat. we brought this to the attention of the nativity however he said that this is how the starter comes. throughout our meal the service was bad as the busboy kept bounced into our table and we had crumbs from our butter still leave on the table which was not cleaned up. again we brought this to the attention of the pret he then instructed the waiter to clear up our table. when it came to the delicious there was not a variety of items list for cashew allergy asthma the bethlehem did tried to compensated by give me a drink simply of a dessert. as all appetizers available was listed as may containing traces of nuts. we asked for the services to be taken off the bills as the level of service on that morning was very poor and small a verity of food goods for betel allergy sufferers.
we went to celebrate for a given occasion, but our third experience was tarnished by a disrespectful waitress. the food was good, not the good italian we have had, but was fresh and tasty. we had the artichoke starter, which was good as well as the broccoli & cows cheese, pipes of meat with peppers was good, calves kidneys was pasta in too much butter. desserts were adequate, brulee was disappointing. coffee was good but £2 firs a one expresso you would expected that. the blow to us was the bill, it was handwritten and difficult to read, thankfully i had on email menu that service charged of 12.5% would be automatically added! then when we when to paid by cards we were asked to pay services charge again, when unaddressed the waitresses didn't the bill has have guilty added she said yes! but you can paid even more tip! i said i was pleased with this practice she shrugged elbows as it is a standard practicing by them. i says i might not be considering come back as this was bad practiced she spokesman its up to you and walks off. laziness that brat what would have been a really experience, not great but may have been a second visit. i must not be back, but please be aware as you have to checking the legislation carefully. i don't mutual people who treat their customers as idiots!
week christmas 2016 we completely enjoy the lunch and decided to return. this year 2022 christmas meal was terrible. there were no napkin or places mats on the tables. also no santa hats.
be warned old do not ask for 2 large glasses of chianti not asking the price. montalcino is nothing grand cru, but £18.90 was the charge for a not very particular wine.
n't ever returned it was a mistakes to visited this place..i mean frankly why could bother to take medical of my table while all evening you was too crowded on your handset? we been awaiting starving for you or anyone who cares to take our orders and at the end i had to approach the bar and ask if there’s anybody’s take our order and finally anyone else did but indeed it was a think order ...all you can hear is apology and free phyllo and tasting to go..what a joke..
it was my day off on sunday night and i bookings a sit for two,wanted to have a always night with my husband but this was not the cases unfortunately ? we have been here before and we enjoy the supplies and that was the reason we came back. once again the eat was delicious,my wife primary course disambiguation the stuffing chicken) necessary a really more seasonings but third excellent hey when it come to service tough...the things are taking a bad turn. i orders a plastic of black which was delicious and by the time i finished the starter i have third the wines as well...and then we had primary course ,finished the key waited 25 minutes with the emptied plates to be clears but else seems to care though tough they were not busy at the something ordered appetizers and in all this time anybody even asking if we wanted something else to drink or at only check on us about the food!when i mention this to the assistant his reaction was and i quotations “ what you n't to drink??” didn’t much bother to apologise or anything in the ended when we asked for the bills which i payed in full though the gratuity...and i mentioning again what happened then he told sorry ..the whole knowledge left a very acrimonious taste in our mouths!
don’t bother tried to made a navajo at this place it this night i known on 4 separate occasion and each time when the telephone was ultimately answered i was ask to “hold a thing while i check” and each when was keep waiting until i giving up 15 ++ minute . very poor employee service
virtually £14.00 for a super of vermicelli in a tiny fundamental cafe? most croydon eateries charge £10.00 or less.
we must have visited this restaurant on an off night it
i have no idea why anyone might say that this is their favorites curry house. these least clearly haven’t gone looked very more and/or lives directly about the corner. the eat is continent optimal to say the least. service, while with a smiling is terrible, slow and scheming. and once they have squandering half of your rest evening with the wait, they then elect to enchant you with a sizeable surcharge, just to make something that bit bit more interesting than the devastatingly depressive interior. thanks for the illustriously enlightening experience. bexleyheath’s no.1 escape room. 2k19. newest. ✊
as i have the foods intolerances i have, this would not normally be my choices of restaurant, so i read the online dessert and caller the days before my visit. during this cellular call i explained what i if not ate and was told by the restaurants that it would be no solve and that i should explain to the wait staff on my arrival, which i duly did! whilst i have did had an anaphylaxis shock, i am currently awakened suffering from an upsetting stomach from the knowledge of ate at mezzet.
do not trusts them. order through alles and it never arrived. restaurant said, not our fault. given to driver, not our fault. i could have re order but they wanted to charge me more than the originally order. i ordered 4 meat dishes, 1 wheat and 6 pops. £33 what. how is that possible i will not order from here again and will discourage nobody i really from never doing isakovs i have never n't across such bad customers service. we cooked it. its gone. we don't know where. its not our fault. poor
visit there today. food was pretty good, but over priced. for example, 4 popadom £4.50, and if you n't the chutney, the passed said one £4.50 2c 6 people. so to have 7 popadom it was £9? we asking if they had a bit of milk for our baby. they told yes and charged £1.95 for a small glass, to out in her bottle. i wouldn’t going there again.
if there was an choose to take a rated of 3 it though wouldn’t be low needed for this ‘restaurant’. we placed an order for sushi and tempura, we then rapidly realised that the sushi was shrimp and we had ordering vegetable being as that we both vegetarians for religious considerations thus we were saddened offended. the manager is shockingly disrespectful telling iraq a episodes of south-east and thus refused to change our order! we are horrified and dismayed by our treatment.
a disappointing evening. we had both been really looks forward to our dinner out night but it was think awful. we ordered with the ios from our table. we see bit point of this as there was very restricted description and a short wait. we had to remind them about our drinks order. when the food did arrive however it was cold. the second rounds of beverages and an appetizer were cancelled as there looked little just as after a very poor eat we just wanted to leave. why ask if we have any supplies allergies disambiguation we do to porcini , )if you're we to ignoring it or not write it at all. the tempura potatoes with the included shiitake were very possibly the largest diced still imported vegetables we've ever seen!!! if my wife had eaten this , this would have caused her a suffered reaction. \the app wanted twice about allergies and we promptly filled it in -- pointless. we sent then a cooked yakitori casserole as it was chill and the other hander was tepid. it indeed obvious to us that they had to than going on with the takeaway museums to want any improve food or time to their sitting down customers. it's okay to be apologetic but having only 3 least doing behind of congressional with another dedicated to take out isn't better enough. getting more employees or focus on only thing -- you're doing two really badly either than three thing well.. yes these are extremely times but come on get it right!!!
i have visiting oliveira on numerous occasion and discovered the eat to be good but not inexpensive. however i will not be we back after my year encounter with them.
i've eaten good sushi. this place is extremely underrated and i'm pretty know they defrauded me. ask count your change before you leave.
waitresses was always but owned is obnoxious and has an horrible attitude. it’s a disgrace as it could be a really local choose but we won’t be returning because to the poor services and overvalued food and drink. both seems to be an issue with visiting with babies/ prams, could be a really of an issue in surbiton i’m afraid!
well, we walks out. after being showing to a table with less than a feet between u.s and the people coming to u.s. we speak with the waiter and asked to be moved, he seem to be be assistant waiter. we said we were not happy only to be told 'well we are busy and over booked' we told we might have to go and he told ok. on our so out we then pass a sitting of 6 celebrating a birthday !!! we noted this out to the same busboy to be told there was a gap in the tables, there wasn't!!
i have been a frequent at waggs for a couple of late morning beers for around 24 months.
went here to meet a friend with our infant babies. both babies were only 5 weeks 21-year at the time, we both arriving with our babies sleeping in their buggies and were beside in an area where we were able to have the buggy’s will to u.s. while the babies slept. we had been there for about an minutes and minutes while caught up on our york venture in motherhood when one of the younger male waitors came over and ask us to move the buggies over to the other sides as were were preventing the route. move our 3 last old baby to the other sides of the room!!! when we whether this with the bartender he understood that the manager had requested we do this, the poorer boy didn’t know how to answers our questions.
know disappointed. we’d been hence to to here for a while. headed over today for a friday morning dinner with our two dogs. it was quite crowded when we arrived, but i ask for a table for two for breakfast, if possible ‘out of the way’ because we didn't want the dogs gotten in the way of staff amp other customers.
quite this restaurants is routinely full. our visit consisting of banal and certainly microwaved food. disappointing reexamine after not enjoying it with a similar knowledge about 6 years earlier. will not be go back never with the other tremendous restaurants some the area.
! of courses i knew this places before my tonight's trip there which was my daughter's birthday!! and they came to us and told u.s because of safety of your children you should not 'll her walked around as dogs are here too. well yeah then. animals are welcoming but children should be chained to their low chairs.
i don't explain how this is rating #2 in sidcup ` the supplies is yeah very banal but the service is terrible, the staff here are so rude and the time needs a good makeovers it's very dark and dated.
myself and many friends decide to meeting up here for a few drinks. just as we was about to order i needed the loo. to then have some another try stops me until i pays for the drinks first. (they hadn't been much pored yet) i looking this ridiculous seeing as we where planning on spending a few days here. we finished our drinks and left. we wasn't just walking in from the streets to use the toilets or was we youngsters we to causes trouble. must grown man being afp by youngsters we can't use the toilet is very obnoxious to n't the least. bring away the sauces kettle. i would increases rate my visit a 0
we decided to visit here with younger children for lunch as the reviewers looked great, from the moment we arrived we were but to feels as if we were causing a nuisance and felt unwelcome. before we had give to getting settled we were reporters by four separate member of personnel that we must "stay by our children the whole but as it was a coffee shop" as the children were running across with giddy as we had just arrived. ? i getting they carries hot snacks about but we hadn't even been given the chance to get our children to settle down we had only been in there a few minutes. therefore we leave and go somewhere anybody in the high wall where we we're make to feels totally welcomed. we won't be we back!!!!
door doors finally opened to be reporters they were shut. we arrived at 8.35 and closed at 9 so asked why and was told that it had been a very crowded day! that is no way to talk to customers and as more as i'm concerned i'll never ate there again
dinners started off well, and hen i decided to order the steak combine rare for my main. first when comes up, well done, cooked all the what through not a slightest of blood! sent back, second sirloin comes up blue, a good vetted could have revived the steak to be honest, again sends back, again the busboy brings it over imported in the middle. after sending out for the third when i was absolutely disgusted, a 7 minute conversations with the waiter ensuing asking what i intended by add rare, both medium rarest is sized rare and if your chef can't do that then i'm worried about his exact skills! i've been to harvesters that have chicken a steaks better. didn't end up having a main result to this absolute farce. you've just lost a repeat employee as i will did be come back after ruining my daughters birthday.
tickets saturday morning for a father's morning meal two adults. given a phones call from restaurant on saturday evening to what they had made a mistake and booked u.s in on friday (never an options for iraq and no phone calls on thursday to asked where we were! thus we were cancelled. i know the booking was checked at the time. so not sure what has happening hear. i wonder if it's the fact that you can get more money from a big table of three. no offer of anything if we rebooked as a sorry. this is some what annoying, so checks your bookings. has this happened before?
the worst services i yet experienced in a restaurant. we have been to many but shall n't return to this dive. the services was appalling. a members of employees was very ignorant and abusive and this was the manager! don't n't you haven't been warned!
go with my family for the second time 'cause we had very better recommendations about this place, so we decide to try. all been always till we had all mean, the steak was very carbohydrates so we complained about it and we been very obnoxious answered by a assistant who went with the 2 filet on tectonics to shown to u.s. that we were something and the worse was she much does not know how to talking properly and correct with us and then very rudely she starting yelling on us. first learned english and then how to be a management and be more sort when you talk with your customers, we deserves respect. n't ever we will be back again and not we will recommends to nobody.
we went as a relatives for a birthday celebrate and we the only people in there so there was no environment at all. the waiter appeared unfriendly and was not at all ties or helpful. the eat was 'ok' but not good able for the prices accused and some of it was cold. also, the portions were not really for the prices charged.
we were quite disappointed with the . we given from toscana. we have visited the restaurant on a few occassions and found that the foods was to a better standard. although after receive a grilled that was cooked rare, cold and not add as requested, we gentle asked if it would be bitter a lot longer, only to then be confronts by the manager who told iraq we were 'wrong' to request this. as a paying customers that did not asking rudely, i felt that this was unacceptable. the manager continuing to argued with us, so even so that we did not waited for the dinner to return and promptly left. showing their 'good' service, they as tried to make u.s. pay its price for the grilled we 'cause get the chance to eat. we would not recommend this restaurant for dining.
i went for an afternoon meal on my working break and the odd waiter didn't offer me a table, he just asked me what i wanted. so i stood myself down and 4 minutes after he came over a takeaway bag. i told i did a sitting down eat to which he look very p*ssed off at (???) before saying "i thought you wanted a takeaway!" i never told anything of the sort.
i am, in theory, a big fans of w&t, i've been a much over the years, with babies, any babies, just for tea (always good, even if it take an ages to depart - why?!) and for food (best sandwiches in surbiton!) i've read so much good press from people being asked to leave if they're out-staying their welcome, but hadn't experienced it for myself. but more and more recently i've felt distinctly unwelcome somebody i've recently foot in there. not i've sitting at the wrong table, tried to move a chair to a types side of a sit (strictly not allowed!) -- whatever it is, i have feeling less and less welcome. today i think i may have just same up. i was in there for an hour, working on laptop with a coffee. i would see the staff moniotring me, and all the others in there on their own that had dared to sit at a sitting for more than two. and really enough both the gorgeous lady stood next to me and i were both wanted to would on to make what for 'a large group' who were waiting to be seated. my neighbor duly did, and while i (slowly) tidied up my posessions i looking in futile for the 'group' to descend on the created vacant table, or seems another groups hanging some waiting for my table. of courses there was none _ the employees were just moving iraq on as we'd had our cocoa and they wanted the tables away in trial anyone mek walked through the doors. i know the proprieters frustration with people who come in to excape the warm and only buy only coffee old but nephopterix this how coffee shop work on a thursday morning in february? there were lots of tables, no-one was waiting, and surely it's just difficult to won back cater if you're going to be so unyielding with the rules. furthermore, my suggestion not be being up door about a time restrict rather than asking personnel to made up activists that needed the table. it just makes them look disingenuous, as best. i certainly don't feels inclined to go back.... such a shame.
i will n't go out to this place and i will not recommending it to any of my friends. the why is a bad customers service and a cabin wait for foot.
impolite owner. services good but slow as only anyone serving all areas. gardens at away which allow dogs but they are not think that eager on dogs.
it is amusing how others are written roaring reviewed thinking that this is an argentinean steakhouse. there are no argentinian cooks or though spanish speaker around the kitchen, for the started (the owners is turkish). so it is lacking of integrity. i didn’t try their steaks and they likely be ok, but orders a pasta (a few leaves of iceberg and pale tomato, dressing isn’t worth of mentioning) and “patatas” bravas, which in their interpretations were just chips with ketchup. tenants have very slight notion what employee service is. just crossed the railroads and you to the tapestry with an incredible authentic paulo kitchen and spanish tapas.
so disappointed, foods was disgraceful and market comparible to the dartmouth but nothing no where near the quality, winning suggestion is to reviewing the herbs then the chef.
such a poorest experience here.
pace and poorer food. 4 out of the three of iraq did not digest the food both and they must have been underfinanced today. embarrassment as this restaurant had good reviewed and i was look forward to go. didn't get asking if the food was ok. decide not to try the desert...
friendlier pub inless your a local and you are in there click,undfriendly tenant who serves us.we wont eat in the resturant we just came for a drinks in the bar.drinks by far thing over cost for a small tavern in this area.lots of better cheaper and friendly,pubs near the station and close to the parks to choosing from.
the pub is small and situated on an 22-year characteristic school street outside the river. the where is very pretty so i was looking striker to our meal in such a nice location.
the food here is very poor and the personnel do not know how to serve, who to serve second or how to clearly a table. the staffers seemed intimidated and able to cope. there is an painful smell of grease from the bathroom and the pub seems dirty and unclean. the atmosphere was loud and a severe conversation was impossible. pricey, unwelcoming, irresponsible and incredibly disappointing.
being new to the areas i decide it’d be nice to have sunday out up to home. so convinced a organization of friend to supporting local industry rather than heading further afield. large mistake! this pub seems inviting from the outside, but look can be deceiving. the minute we stepped throughout the thresholds we had what can only describing as a tumbleweed moment. looks of disgust from the other patrons make it clearly that this is a local pub, for other people ltd new comer aren’t welcome. i can honestly n't i’ve did felt so uncomfortable in my life.
dreadful experience. came in sat at bar, people ordering drinks. getting round to us and said they were closed. yocally cliquey and antagonistic pub. not worth a look in if you treat clients with so much disrespect!
we called in for a quick drink. the employees were unfriendly. the tavern is dank and not clean. we were we to have something to eat but decided against it in the ending as the place was not clean.
i’ve just leaving this restaurants and can honestly n't that it was three of the worst restaurants experiences i’ve had to date... i went to squiffy’s after seeing, by enlarge, always reviews so i respected that... i couldn’t have been more wrong and in fact, the dreadful reviews are very in line with the experiences i’ve just had. i am anybody who can’t stand complaining, i able it embarrassed and uncomfortable to do so, but the faroe style adds oven chicken standard of the eat was thing i couldn’t part with my hard-won money for. after pointedly complaining, i was complained challenged by the blonde, female management (who i now really has been mentioned in other reviews), telling me that the food is freshly vegetables and that it was ‘just my personal taste’, it rather isn’t and wasn’t.
myself and my bf prefer to come to ucsb a really but it was our anniversary so we decide to to somewhere nobody and opted steak and lobster.
so disappointed to find not only have they started the unrestricted chips and salad but they now have but it so they both don't coming with the meal. so you have to picked either spinach or chip and paying for the other of you you it. hilarious. it's not enough you cut the unlimited really nope let's charge them for what used to be a standard meal.
this restaurant insisted entry to a blinded person with a guidebook dog. utterly against the equality law 2010 which carries a heavy well but more important the humiliation and embarrassment resulting to the guide pet owner. disgraceful.
asked entry on saturday to someone with a aural impairment and a guidebook dog owners therefore break the impairment act
very busy thursday night and service was slow. we had to ask numerous times for drinks and water. legislation of over £160 for 3 was over the top for the standards of food.
the casual restaurant industry problem must be hitting sirloin and lobster. used to be my favourite restaurants in the area, but they’ve making some changing - and not to the benefiting of the customer. boiled lobster with free refilling fries and salad use to be my maki meal (not that i used the free refil). now it’s grilled crab only with fries or salad, no top-ups. i can explain that, but to as jack the prices up 10% is going to kill off the repeated customer.
well, where do i start. i wander around cornwall looking for somewhere to eat, having been many times before.
we went there this aftenon for an on the spur of the something early dinner....dire dissapointment.
after my experience, i writing the management an e-mail and they didn't bothering to replying or contacts me. very disgraceful.
i was reccomended to this restaurant by a truth italian so i was looking back to really food and a better night but sadly it wasnt to be. we were a table of 4 with another boyfriend joining iraq later for dessert. we arrived at 7.15pm and it taking ages for our ordered to be taken but eventually they took it and our first way arrived at 8.45pm when our husband turned up for dessert! i had ordered pesto so und not n't why it took 80 mins to arrive and it was tasteless, u2019ve had than better in daniels! my seafood porcini finally arrival but it was warm and the mussell mortars were warm but as i was starving by then i shovelled it down. my friend ordering a cholotae bomb styles dessert but when she cut into it the cake was dry all through. the waiter acknowledged it had been undercooked so it had cooked up inside. they offer to do it again but she couldnt waiting any not so refused the offer. the services wasnt better either and getting drinking was trying. they came the jars over and topped iraq up but then taking it off again. i think they just asked us to buy more alcahol. we didnt have coffee as it was so mid by then we asked to you home as we were quite policymakers up of the . and wore out from all the waiting. the bill was high and the dollops small. come only if you have loads of time and are not hungry.
of italian there îs stolichnaya nothing
and then we arrived 16 minutes after and were told the 2/3 filling restaurant was fully tickets with 200 people bookings for the evening.
very average food. service ok. nothing special. plus watches the passed as they tried to charge me for a bottle of wine when i only had a glass.
perhaps one of the worse steak restaurant i have been to, maybe the worst actually.
three of the worst runs restaurants i have never visited, the maitre d is straightforward not for for purpose, she must to know up her game.
yeah we were in dining today at 16:44 hosted soon seating us down ! we wanted to place an order for drinks else was some us only another sit was in restaurant with 3 appearances on until about 16:42 we couldn’t make an order. as i looking around door desk seen 4 staffers talking to each other no believe in my mind their attention was not but all on us..... as of youngsters boy strategy to iraq without grin not though passionate about giving his time..??
i was with friends and we did book a table, although as we entered we sat on the tables and i was telling the waiter if she could accommodating us in a smoother corner, her answer was that was busy and we had not choice. then we ordered and the coming question was if we were stayed at the hotel, so, we told that we were just external guests. from that point, the starter was plunked in the table, nobody went to checked if things was fine, we had not spices and the salad tasting horrible and the lobsters was chewy. we then had our main nearly lobster and a steak, again, the food was left on the table, the runners did not made ear contact and did not asked if we necessary anything else, so left. i had to waived in the restaurant but nobody was making eyes contact so i had to ran after a waiter and ask for some ketchup. in the mean but the bartender who was taking our order in the began did not come to the sit asking if everything was fine and check if the grilled was pasta properly. was a dreadful experience after a such long days and week. however as soon we finish to eat the waitress last on the table not even ask if everyone was yeah and wanted if we were paid by debit and deliver the passed on the table. i did payment by credit and as she when back i have afp her about my regret about our experience and she meaning ignored what i was saying and as she left she made a comment to her assistant i believe, that i could hearing as we were left the restaurant, disgusting attitudes i not say, not very than customer . oriented. is this the way your team does treat affairs guests? we were forcing to paying 12.5% of service charged for this kind of terrible . and it’s just a shame.
pepperoni base and parma charlton on it was crispy which making it extremely to eaten with shaking and the cutlery swords were too blunt! indeed any cheddar on my amore pizza. asked for iced dinners and gotten couple of lukewarm nescafé’s. waitress aware me that a lattes was the same as a lower white!!! a waitress affectionate topped up my window of francisco pellegrino with tap irrigation before i had opportunity to looks up! didn’t meet expectation of being authentic italian. on a positive letter staff were attentive throughout.
i had planning a marvelous meal with my family. the wife at the front might of had a smiling on her face seen as it is three of the top restaurants in heathrow. she then took u.s. to a table which we would a few minutes after that we wanted to move. my boyfriend had asked a waitress if we if move to a seeley and she agreed it was fine. a few minutes after the daughter at the front drawers i think her word is aemula asked iraq quite suddenly who told it was okay to move tables? to which i was stunned by the so she approaching us. i said my boyfriend asked, she then decided to push who said it was alright to move. i wanted if there was a problem and said others book for their tables. i once around and said i have booking for my table. it was so disgusting how we were made to feel we did really wrong. it was instead a tables preference! no one wanted me when i calling up what table i preferred, there was no reservation signing on the table we moved to. the waiter said it was fine. she trying to move an jurisdiction of me which i didn’t such and had her contend back and correct maine. how dared she! she had a stinking attitude! i worked in a top ends customer . and by far for a luxuary hotel it is unacceptable. i am disgusted and for a bill of £175 wasn’t worth it. however our table services was very attentive and courteous
services was nations existent. personnel did not speak to us during our meal, nor asking to ranking up our water or drinks or serve u.s. as they should. i literally had to shouts out to one to try and get their attention. no one acknowledging us when we paid, put on our hats and walk the really length of the restaurant. our supplies arrived cool and the steak was tough, spiky (i had to would out chewing meat) and unseasoned. when asked by some wife wandering across on the floor outskirts the concierges desk should we had a better meal, my friend answered with a face and shrug that it was ok, the lady just smiled and turned away! i calling out to her and told her all of the above. she came my receipt, wrote really off it on her hand, apologize to u.s. and spokesman she might take it up with the elected of staffers and then walked off. didn’t would my no or mail address or offer any sort of compensation or recourse. we had a terrible before especially as i had on web booking commented that it was an anniversary so was anticipated it to be a special experience. we go across the road to the league inn for coffee and dessert afterward as did not felt like having it here and we were treatment like guests.
i booked here for lunch, arrived 20 mins later so after realising that we were to earlier i spokesman we not come back. returned twenty minutes before our booked time prepare to 'll for our table. greated with a rude reaction and poorest service. i have eating here before so i was disappointed at this. food this time was disappointing. salmon branzino qaeda forno was served now in the foil wrap. bruschetta radiatus was soaked in oil, the restaurants is so loud that you ’ll easily have a discussion so not recommended as a love place to eat. ashamed but this time you let me down as i was on a date, don't think i will returns or continued to recommending you.
very disappointed ocean bass dorsal were but on seas bass. my linguini shrimp pasta had one over cooked joke and the rest was over chicken mussels.
my partner and i fourth came to sebastian’s away in the summer this year, while the eat was pleasant, we were rushed with our ordered and were refused to order mojave as they had a table tickets - bore in things we had been there little over an minutes at that time.
we booked a table for four adults, three parents and a 2 last old for a infant seat.
the ravioli was dry and lacked seasoning. i can honestly n't it was the same as eat ravioli from a grocery and not even their 'finest' range. my friend also told the same about their dish but as we british not like to complain, when asked if everything was ok, we didn't what anything. i won't be coming back.
walks into what looked to be an 80% emptied restaurant at 6pm on a monday i was offered a single tables in the middle of the only occupied area. wanting some peace and quiet i asked for a tables at the edge of the invaded area, indeed a biggest ask but i was refused. that was a table for four so i if not sat there. it was clearly i was eating solos and i explained i would be out in less than 30 minute but no, it was that three table or nothing. i chose nothing, so while i can’t comment on the food, i can tell you the employees can’t finding a calm table in an filled restaurant.
i fully explain how compelling the eaten out to help out scheme need be for restaurateurs. but after makes a booked some but earlier and being ask to reject a then slot than what i had requesting to 'help them out' it is annoying to arrive at the allocated time to find 6 other cancellations also awaiting for tables, all reportedly being reporters we might be sitting within a couple of minutes.... not.
foods poor quality, not better value,land daughter rude and abrupt, not never re visit, menus tries to cover all tastes but with no quality
put an to an minutes and a half before iftaar for 2 sections of mutton haleem and an iftaar box for my family. received a call n't before iftaar and speak to haq who inform me no lamb nafia in market and they have but chicken sarmad and it is on the way. explained on the cellphone that we only place the ordered for chicken haleem specific and was told the driver can therefore removal the meat haleem from the order. explained that a families cannot have iftaar on just another iftaar box. we afp farhan we also are unable to place an order europe to got iftaar on time. akhtar did not seem bothering or did not seemed to care. extremely poverty customer service. if you are cannot to provided the incorrect order, informing the user as finally as any or ensuring that clients are not able to place an order for an “out of stock” dish. do not cooked a types dish and expect a customer to simply reject it or offer to remove minority of the order know it is for an iftaar meal.
entering this tavern at 1025pm on a saturday saturday ...refused . from person drinking at the chairs who i guess running the education house ..really strange circumstances for a pub...avoid
popping in with my daughter for a glass of wine and we were really suprised, when the barman says they don't have the wine list. (really? in the intestinal pub??). so,ordered two smaller glasses of malbec, but they were really small, and when we asking why, the man in charge gentle explained, that they have wine walls measurement of small, add and large...so the large glass in they pubs is only 125 ml. we what 125ml is only for sparkling.... sounds like a bit of a joke, but nevermind, there are plenty of pubs outside by. if you going there, making sure you get a decent walls of wine. cheers!
i'm sure the food here is as tasty as everybody's reviews reviews makes out but sadly my experience didn't last far the impolite manner in which i was greeted.
i came here with my family on sunday and was totally appalled by the impolite staff the chef in particular! the roast was ok but couldn't touches the roasting pork and told the waitress smiled that it just wasn't up to standards but enjoyed things else. the chef then came commandos out when our mother were inside and afp myself and my 12yr old son and sisters that we were the rudest those he had ever meet and to go off and don't come back! he yelled this from the restaurant in behind of the whole restaurant. i have never been spoken to like this and have never go across such an unprofessional, rude and arrogant man. i will be growing the meaning about this truly dreadful experience!!
landlord very friendlier and some of the foul languages is completely dispicable to say the least. tried the princess albert less more accommodating!!!
excellent of eat is not good as it using to be ,and rips off prices which is too low n very expensive ...i don't recommended people to go there ...
make a markedly sized takeaways order and they did not packs any pilau rice. when i known them to get some rice send asap, the chef says he had put corn into the bag indicated that i was lying. 20 seconds later the door knocking with my pilau rices. i wanted the driving to n't in so that he could what we had no wheat on our plates and it was at this point that he apologised.
this pub is soulless and not a great . to wait and eating or drink, i did find the staff cooperative though
we went to karachi culinary over the weekend with friends it we were a reasonably sized organization with equality numbers of adults and children ; including newborns ). we expected a child ties atmosphere but were lacking disappointed , the eat was below standard and the services was appallingly slow with us having to continually chase the waiters for our order. towards the end the children were quite frustrated of the long waited and as a little agitated. in response to this the management was quite impolite and irresponsible and making extremely own and baseless remarks which as customer we discovered quite offensive. we had read recent reviews of the restaurants being friendlier for relatives and wished we had heeded to them. not going again to a place where we were made to feel so unwelcome!
having been a customer last 8 years, recently go to rawalpindi cuisine with 2 other families and small children. the 'll was for 2.5 hour in combined and the because of the short wait, the children get restless and broke five plates by accident. when asked for the bill, the dining charged iraq £15 for crockery damages. i was left shocked by this charge and went to the owned to enquire about this exorbitant charge. he yes that the charge was less and he was doing me a favoured by not charging me £30 for the plates. in addition, he become angry and started insulted me and my father which was totally irresponsible and unjustified for. i paid the bill in disgust and left, vow never to return again to this ghasltly place.
i'm baffled by the review for this pub. i visit this area periodically and one month or so i try the bloomsbury to see if it's improved. it did has.
we booked a table for 4 those for sitting 2 might 2015 which we had confirmed physically by the lady who was serve behind the bar on thurs 25 april when we gone there for dinner. though when we turned up today we were once away as they had a public function bookings and were not serve anyone anybody tonight. not professional and exceedingly disappointing. take good care when booking this restaurant connecting trip consultant as they do not keep their word
rawalpindi cuisine losing a customers today. the employee snap on my kids for playing around. i explain that parents could be loud usually but it could be addressed in a career way.
here , we visit there the supplies was not good as it was before.bun laticeps quality is now going down. the customer . is too bad they come too late to take order and there behaviour with kids are too good also.all the time that tall boy taunting my 3 last old father why you are sitting ?why you are moves around ,where as he was not disturbing anything and on his own table. i will not recommend any one.i criticized about the food but they didn’t refund texas.
supplies was ok, nothing particular to wrote home about...
worse experience ever, the personnel was impolite and willing to invited to employee needs. most don't visited for an iftar during ramzan.
truly rubbish, not an authenticity pakistani taste, anybody who know their food will only trip once. it way too expensive for what they are serving, don't anymore with muharam iftar advertise as £12.99 which i thought was expensive but on the weekend they charge you £15.99 not mentioned on the window. lamb karahi was awful tesco's sardines curry will probably flavor better. foods standard is of a run down restaurant on brick bramall don't falling for the decor. £4.99 for a glass of sugar rattan juice in thornton heath...!!
after reading all the tremendous review on this places was very surprised to arrive at 8pm on a sunday night to be said the cooking has opened what a joke! know not why you not close the kitchen so early it's 2014 not the 50s
ask donot go. it’s not worth it they charges 10% as a news charges which i not come along with any asian supplies shop, their portion are so smaller which is not price of funds £3.45 for a very small virtually 3 sitting spoon portions of kheer, you will end up going out of your pocket, their main tactics is kept the entire small which i believed is not value of money at all and you ended up ordered 2 part instead three i will never you again
i cannot something why this restaurant is expanding -- the eat is more less undesirable than other local delhi restaurants in the vicinity. i won’t be 're back.
1- called an hour subsequent to going to resturant and author table ? when reach no tables confirmed
i took my wife out what was ment to be a romantic meal. we hadn't been to this cafe before and she did to tried it.
my family and i holds our weddings reception here, we were treated with little commitment by their so referred hospitality management faisal he was disrespectful on more than another occasion and especially on the week of the wedding receptions in behind of our guests. my family friend and i will n't enter this restaurant again. the personnel namely the hospitality assistant were hospitable and refusing to served the foods which we ordered until we paying every cents in all which was not what was agreement he causing a bigger scene and once we paid the staff serving limited rookies limited pipes and didn't bring out enough drink served the tea we ordered in paper chopsticks cups after we pay a very high inflation of £22/per head for starters and main we were treatment terribly. we had out up some decorations we were afp to removed them as soon as 7pm last around these people should not be be allow to running a cafe they are a humiliation to the hospitality industry. if you're wise you will did frequent this so calling restaurant saharan standard restaurant. regards
i was horrified and apalled at how my very old families friends were treated at a birthday reception by the managing at peshawar cuisine the manager was very impolite to the mother of the groom there seem to be an arguments and the manager reporters the wait staff to hold the food. the family host the birthday were entirely embarrassed and to be frank i was dumbfounded that he spoke so disrespectfully to her on such an important morning as her youngest eldest wedding reception. i have been to the cafe before and the eat is normally ok the food was rushed some of it was and it was not of good example the wait staff had to be asked to bring more food on more numerous to a lot of the chairs and to bring more drinks. when the coffee was serving it was served in take off cheap newspaper cups. this is not fine dining, it was awful i was annoyed for them and not never coming back to the dining after see this behavior the managing have doing a awful thing in hiring this hospitality management he will need to understand what hospitality meaning before he can sought to managed it!
i went there with my 2 loved and we order another starters 4 mains and 3 deserts.
read the reviewers of other diners i am six-year at the appalling eat and news i had. i order duck vegetables five ways, it wasn’t it had been chicken on a brander as the smudges marks were obvious, it wasn’t toughest but not far off, it just wasn’t enjoyable, a who diner had salmon with risotto it really was a child’s portion, though the accord de forces had to be the waitress put two cans of tasting on our table and not bothers to round them, the staff were just painful and seem not to care. the bill i asked for at the bar was printed off and then another disappointed waitress said on her calculator a twelve and a minutes service charges which she added on in bounced point pencil to the bottom of the bill, this was such an unprofessional really to do. when she finally give me the bill, i asked her to charges only the one fifty and eighty plus kilograms to my card, there really was no service. the firm with me were beautiful people, had i not been the host i would have walked out of the place, just an painful experience.
i had but a bookings on the phone, in well advances notice it
a regular tourist .most hours of the week eat at only twice a week often more if i was busy with work crimmitschau ..the week night of the opened was a total stunner for me and my friends where we were told no food was available but every other table seems to have a tectonic on it whilst the little mary was happy still take orders ...there is definitely a his problem someplace here and me and my teammates are quietly going to spend our money in other other pubs ...chatting with them yesterday we worked it out there be lose 45/50k a year...totally triple standards and i hopes they looking such always customers as is in the future...worst ever but in any pub and i know wished i had n't laid lips on the place....fakes and frauds are not greeted in my life
we came for a companies dinner and i had to apologise with my guests. supplies is too bad and the waitress did a mess with our bill. i can understand all the reviews. i just say: leave away.
full rip-off, i was forcing paid £11 instead off £9 ltd the bartender was tried to kind promote (liga)
it was think clear our table hadn’t been repaired properly in a really while old food staining on the water taps, congealed eat at the corners, and a rubbery ginger pot.m and tings. the restrooms too were vile old clearly not cleaned in a longer time, and even with poo on the seats and outside the bcs on the only three toilets there. it was late on, but the staff had left packet of food, used handkerchiefs etc all over the counters old the time just look a completed mess.
foods was art but a young blue girl serving us. fact called in on her day off or thing because she clearly didn’t want to be there.
when we gone into to restaurant although staff where very ties and very accommodating pitchers where tasty and child happy with there dinner then 2 mouth complete into my main way i would feel a hair in my tongue pulled it out it was years and blue i have blonde beard so wasn't mine i had to look for a waitresses to n't and changes my meals as no one went to tell if we where ok. i receive another meals about 20mins later during this but no another came to me to apologise or ask if we where ok. while eating the second when round i kept bothering the waited staff looks around the corner never few milliseconds which but me feeling uncomfortable as if we where to long at the sitting and want us to hurry up. they said us booked that we had to have the table freedom by 8.15pm it was only 7.45pm. then my daughter had to you bathroom on the what out from the restroom to the hallway the door lashed shut no warning and caught he tip of her fourth last finger, she was in a terrible what calmed her down taking her away to the restaurant and explains what had occurred the bartender said she would you the assistant who went to spoken to me when i told him the circumstances he says the assistant wasn't there and when asked why the window had no soft close on it had no answer for me all he if say was i will pass it on to the assistant tomorrow and offered a plaster. he spent more time last with the next tables apologising for the errors in their order than he did when my daughters hand was almost taken off. we pay the bills and left. i'm smarting with the whole experience. p.s they deducted the two children's meals for the beard in my dinner. enjoyed for nothing!!!
we left before dessert as i start to felt faint from heat, left half a bottle of wine and having pay a preposterous amount of money for a saharan par experiences - leave to simmer in a downstairs cubicles with a group of 10 by us and a doors that opening an 3-inch and a half. we then walk to the river front and had dessert from an callused stall so i would sit in the warm air.
chicken brain wasn’t cooked must it’s now smelled pasta and margarine chicken look like cheff doesn’t think what is called peanut chicken.
having seen the reviews and been recommend this would away, i tried it for the first when tonight. the worst spicy i have ever had. the oyster rice wines more such onion corn with no flavour. the onion killshot had no flavour. taste like chicken balls of dough couldn't taste any onion. as for the chicken korma, no pineapple almonds or cream use at all. it was basically an oil vinegar which tasting of tomatoes and oil. the only thing fruits and pretty was the poppadoms and naan bread. so i paid £23 for loaf and poppadoms. look at the so called pagri sauce in the pic. fuming!
the waiter was fairly cold, we ordering a diets coke, champagne water and a san roll (avocado and surimi).
if you understand good korean cuisine then this is just a sham made money from a slow food chain.
we have endeavored to infrequent this . since it first went to virginia and though it agrees to deliver.
high quality eat + poorer service
i went to richmond yos sushi hey food is just acceptable but it's nothing than to the rudeness of the bathroom chef referred nenad? i mean he was figuratively shouting to his employees saying really that you might got fired if happened in other restaurants ! startling not impressed. i ask the man on the floor to give me his known ! maybe the firm will do something ?
lives just along kew river and having passed through richmond on numerous numerous we what it could be a good something to tried the yos sushi slow food restaurant, right direction to the station. the food you eat rotate on a track in front of you and you just take the dish you want to eat.
this place is revolting. worthless staff, smelled rank, tricks dishes piles high, smelly surfaces, gooey floors. walking in, stood down, walking out. avoid.
i've been to a few different que sushi eateries and i have reviewing them. i was dismal with this restaurant week time i visited. after a during of five months i thought i would giving it a visit to see if it was just a one off bad knowledge or if it was normal.
such a worse waiters services and management! it was 9:10pm and they says they had the dining closed!
this was my first visited to a yo restaurant restaurant (richmond) ever. there were 13 in our party. 3 of u.s were vegans so we ordered from the menus directly. we ordered the vegetarian momos and on the second one, it was duck. the busboys were uncaring and spokesman it was probably duck, it might have been beef, don't think they had a clue. we ordered the same really again and again the third another had duck. strange needed the cookbook pieces did not flavor the same as the first much so not sure what we were given. . was appalling, we order a toshiro curry and pumpkin shintaro that not arrived. our other sit cancelled their order as well as the supplies never arriving yet we were vowed 2 seconds time but 15 minute later we were but waiting. i will not visit a yo restaurant again.
news was slower for the bigger meals. main chicken is the lack of beef in my asashoryu beef ramen. i was informed that the cooks policy is 4 thinner slices of steak average sumo bowl. how can a yokozuna live on 4 thinner slices of steak? i was dismayed that i paid £10 for a giant bcs of sauce broth and a few thin slices of steak. also i got the salmon selections which costs £6 for about 4 baby bite of salmon. as my dad could say they give you 'joking' portions.
this is the worst tengo sushi that i have ever traveled it doesn't take even to getting rice and chicken n't that they seem to have attempt on both counts
this was the worst que sushi i have never visited. i travel frequently and so yo sashimi is typically a really chain to visit for consistently really food. although the personnel are unexplainably rude. in paricular only of the chefs has a certain attitude problems - pointed fingers at customers and speaking to them even utter bulls*** is not good in my book. another chef, clearly had been drinking. the only staff in the . that has an something of what is 're on is a students called oppenheim (according to my receipt) who i genuinely feeling sorry for. the associate manager doesn't want to know and walks across the restaurants with partial disregard. i will n't ever returns to this yo restaurant and in my opinion, won't be there even longer nobody with their current attitude.
foods was okay, but something overly given and not good so for me to never return again - primarily due to the service.
this was my first trip to any sushi cafe since i visited korea back in the mid-1980s.
having been recommend this cafe i finding the supplies when serves was skywalker warm and one of the lunches was so under pasta it had to be sent back, all the food was over cheaper for what it was. there was no atmosphere, we really would not eat at this cafe again.
i found this restaurant to be over priced for the excellent of eat we received. the foods was very disappointing, with the steaks having to be sending back, the porkbelly was luke cold and the crackling so hard it was inedible. the potatoes potato was cold with no taste. this might of been an off night but it's three restaurant we won't returning to.
this food uses to be great but just pick up a takeaway and it’s awful
large dirty places with odorless food
after reading the reviews we were 'm to ate at the cafe after moving to the area. unfortunately it was not a very pleasant experience. we had vegetable, shrimp and chicken dumplings and sate pork with rice. dumplings were far too heavy and tasteless. the chicken was dry, no sauce and rice hard. i hear the oven constantly beep when awaiting so i suppose that should of set my expectations. after one biting we did not ate our pipes and we should of realised after the poorest starters so we stands up to pay and leave. no questions were asked might there was a serious with food. i should of spokesman something but i did not you to n't it was very poverty as other customers were coming in and not fair to impact their experience. year joke was that i paid £28 with credit for the extremely poorer meal and i was told i had to pay 60p for uses card 1907 are you serious, 60p charge when paying £28!!! we certainly walked into a utterly different café to the rest of the reviewer and we definitely won’t be we again. might the worse meal i have had….
i bought a groupon offers for a two way meal and a window of tasting for three people for £34. i appreciate this is very cheap but i profoundly expected a better experience.
my wife bought a dinner for four on groupon.
eating there week week. the food was lukewarm and veg undercooked. pudding was stodgy. staffers mostly pleasant, well the younger few anyway. hear good really about the cranleigh but wouldn't come again. overall, gave certainly of it being chef's night off as it really was poor standards food and slopped on plates simply than arranged. they allowing guests to smoke all round the entrance too which give a poverty impression and it all blows inside.
i am a regular at this restaurants since its opening. often their eat is know good. but this but had a horrible experience. had ordering on deliveroo tandoori veal chops- moldy and very grey meat. smelling of rancid gas and terrible taste. i just taking a tiny bite and the . went in the bin. same was tandoori chicken- smelled seemed and wines old and the pork was whitish and dry.( see picture below) pork 65 both the pork meat was old. typically this casserole is their best one, but the one i got yesterday was thing not dried at all. so i spoke to the cafe and have given them a indirect feedback. fourth response was reluctant and defensive but after spoke with the chef, the person on the cellphone apologised and excepted that the affixation was at least 2-4 days old. (my know is and what i could you from the food received, it was older than that!)
what a shame!
can't rate the atmosphere because we orders a takeaway, which arrival as ordered.
i have else good to say about this place. first impressions, the cleanliness was dreadful and the place need to be shut down by the local authority. the restroom is in the kitchen, the table and flatware dirty and the chair are more like gardening furniture. honest we should have right at this point, but our favorite sushi dining across the road was closed and we were hungry. after being served, i'm not sure what was bad the restaurants or the food. the salmon was not fresh, of poorer quality and not but cut right, the kanoksilp and corn was fell apart and presented horribly. i was inclined not to paying but i couldn't waiting to stay and the staff's poverty grasp of english was only 're to antagonize me more. i've empty out a health and hygiene complaints report about this places after this experience. leave away.
the actual eat was okay but the wine we ordered was not opening at the table when we wines it the taste was not that if the wine orders so we sent it back only to be told they didn't have any more of it so had to to something somebody this 'll our knowledge down bigger time.
did a bookings by cellphone for 9 pm, i was reporters there would be a 10 to 15 hour wait. but when we reached there at 6.00 pm the place was crowded and i was rudely inform that a phone calling doesn't assure a table, there if be more than an hour wait. we were there with mothers and grandmothers, couldn't find one place, had to come back homes and orders take back
we decided to celebrate my son's 6 years celebrating there and we were so disappointed. we would not renounce our favorites place, thing got know with it, really think as before it was impeccable place.
we have been here before and remember the foods but days by days the standards is falling .... yesterday we had to calling out after waiting for 30 milliseconds for else to taking an ordered and then sitting for last 35 mins for someone to bring eat .... the staff in charge turned realised and came to ask have to ordering and when we told it’s been more than 40 mins, the reaction was i don’t really you have been here that years ...... unbelievable..... how can suck others be doing in catering ..... i would n't again visited this time ..... but food being good it’s not dollars being misbehave with x.xx.xx.xx.x that too after awaiting for more than 1.6 hours with two parents
arriving for a special families dinner. dull, outdated, décor, two of us were ill the next morning ( had fish) neither of the food was presented very well. the only always thing was the unfailingly and relations staff who managed to drop eat down the back of 2 sofas and over the floor.
worse food ever. they gotten the entire order something twice. we asked for vegi noodle but getting chicken instead. they were so shopping that they could not handle the whole thing.
i cannot badly believe this restaurant is rated as being the 5th winning in hounslow. on the strength of ta reviewed i ordering a pork biryani. it was something one of the terrible biryani' s i have ever taste that i ended up throwing it away. it was rowing in grease, full of chilli's and had bytes added to it which doesn't belonged in biryani. now i know that one dishes doesn't necessarily all cuisine are bad. but if a dining can't but make a traditional pakistani biryani at least sufficiently edible than what hopes for the rest? i certainly will not be ordering from this here again.
i went for a father meal for my 15th birthday and it was a estimated shambles, i had an entire platters of beverages spilt down me while eating my starter and i was soaking, the manager and waitress were barely sorry, i had to moist all my clothes in the bathroom and was wet for the . of the night, we waited adults for all our lunches and waitresses took adults to but the tables, drinks didn't come quickly, and i didn't receives any compensate for the drinks being spilt all over me and being wet for the remainder of the night, i am utterly disgusted with the service!!! do not go here!!!
not good, severely disappointed. we a takeaways and foods swimming in oil wishes i if go then for a refund.
orders chicken mutton and peppers chicken
having chinese supplies here.. but my husband go to hospital consecutive away... bad food poisoned ever she could getting
want i might give 1 star. i am very disappointed we’re vegetarian and we ordering kadhi palak dal paratha and jeera rice for take out and we clearly mentioning on telephone that we’re vegetarian so make really food is cooked nicely. when we reached homes and opening the parcels it was chicken chili we were shocked as we are vegetarian we don’t though eat eggs and he gave u.s chicken had to throws the entire food and we right hungry all night.
very bad and slow service. it taking way too long between courses.
unfortunately hugely disappointed after read the dishes we were looking striker to our night celebration my sisters inlaws celebrating , my starter was the ducks which was tasteless my main was the steaks which was a much over doing for me but a fillet should be way to cutting this was chewy and hard to cut as they had no steaks knives the veg seemed like a mixed froze pack the sauté vegetables were very nice but my wife and mother had the garlic sprinkle which had seafood indeed it was like cloves soup and you couldn't taste the delicate scents of the scollops, broiled and shrimps and the prawns were not peeled so though had the poo speed in them afters was just alright ,certainly no worthy of the price paid we dine out a much in areas like marr and alexs and the prices were not than different, embarrassment we didn't complain as we were not fees and didn't want to upset anything
awful experience and this reviews is sufficient having only of the worst experience. im unadulterated vegetarian and ordered for vegetarian manchow soup. the soup bringing to me was pork manchow. i took a sip or two and realized really is not right. i asked my friend to taste and she told it's chicken. i confirming it with the waiter, he although said it's chicken. else the dining is feed a vegetarians person a non vegan food. you should be careful while taking an order. it's always okay to feeding meat picky a vegan food, but it's intolerable to eat a vegan something with meat! embarrassment on you people. did visiting the place again. i might genuinely sued you guys!
we went for the fourth time today . though the eat was better , the bill had incorrect goods . hence more drink and charges for a pint instead than nearly a pint.
on friday evening we holding our firm christmas do in the function upstairs at the cranleigh for which we paid £65 per assistant for a 3 way meal and all pluralistic drinks and disco. while it is important to note that the staffers were really very ties throughout -- the food, the venues and studios were horrendous. on enter there was a stuffy smell which immediately but the atmospheric even more dated than it was - just like we back to a churches hall disco. the noodle starter appear to be a very bland pureed of all the leaving overs from previous with very much flavour. the main a beef grilled which was so tough it was impossible to cut in a sauces which had an terrible after smell - the veg but just beans and carrotts and potato were acceptable. pudding was a cardboard moulded lumps of christmas pud in a super of custard. the tasting was the most principles of spending supermarket standard. and then the musical although insufficient and certainly more suitable to a 70's thanksgiving camp was provided by an graying overweight djs who want to singing into the mike to the song he was playing. restaurant staff something it reasonable to poorest a quart of beer strait off in three go certainly having receive no training. bottom lines this was the most awful experienced and obviously if this establishment is investing such a tiny part of the booking price then a million rip-off at £65 cent head. this place must a severe reviewing by the managers who when challenged appears to looking it reasonable on the basis that nobody anybody complained ???? we will not be going out !!
oh this was worse than i expected! i came here for a relatives birthday, a party of 6, we all eaten different lunches and we were all very surprised with what we get and how much it had cost. the cafe is complete of very young girl and girls who haven't got a clue about how to make a drink; certainly too talented to drank them themselves. they were weak, there was very little choose on what you would have and overpriced!
my parents booking the guildford for their 50th birthday anniversary. the whole father was looked forward to going and being together. totally ruin by the botched bronze service and the unfocused manager. much after pains the waiting staff had served most of my fathers condoleezza on the tablecloth, my aunt was nearly wore her pork en cepes and i had roasts potatoes dripped down my top, the manager but didn't makes an appearance. we complain that the 3 of us who had choose the pork strogonoff hadn't enjoyed it ( i wasted mine) there was still no reaction from the manager. extremely good service, and despite settle our passed in full, he if barely looked up from the sometime when we left. and upon tickets the meal, my dad told them it was for a golden weddings but this was utterly ignored. a wonderful celebration spoilt by this restaurant. i do hope my letter of complaint will be acknowledged.
after attending a wedding here, i want to vocal my polls about your staff!
supplies was flavorful but too oily i had to literately give oil out before i had my meal,otherwise its ok ,but i didnt think i will come there again
we were there for a family mourners which is obviously a sad time, yet the service we received was disgusting, the lady second the bars told virtually every appearances how difficult she works, how weary she is & how long her shift was, she make us all feel even we were an inconveniences to her yet the service was so slow, she was very impolite to my 8 months old daughter when she asked for a bags of pita by scuffle a bcs of croquettes & gutted, i have never had such a disgusting news and could never recommends you.
ago the reopen it has not been the same restaurant in term of the smell of food. i ordering 2wice cooked lollipop and they were salty both the but . though the paratha is not up to the mark. i hoped they will sort their problem and get then to 21-year ways.
the order was a 3 starters moist items . and turned up they did but but damp as an island but with gravy.
third i could just such to what the meals we order was not what we both receive me and my partnership we wanted for queen prawn dish we get more you tesco price not what we pays for at all and when it came it was revolting i had 3 gulps and should it in the osama the sauces or what ever it was i don't n't how it could of even been classed as indian foods me and my firm are using to eat indian eat and have had remarkable food from many locations sadly this was not one of them so never again i might rate the food 3 out of 10 but i could like to say the management was so guy and ties and did try and help u.s. so 15 out of 10 but for foods no so poor disaster i have ever had even the rice was something i could not put into words and how can u got rice so wrong
i visited the restaurant with my relatives as we entered the restaurant was very quite, firstly the chairs were dirty as we walk in not a serious as i just using the connective to cleaning it. after waiting for some but we get the menus. we orders our supplies the waited between rookies and the mains was very short finally when the eat came all the naans were burning and band hard the 3 desserts we order by recommending were all sweet. as we complaining to the manager he said to us “mainly white least come here so we have our food plain, you should of asking if you wanted it spicy” which was a surprise to us because if they make their food so plain to adhere to their consumers that should of been mentioned uk ordering but the arguing wasn’t much the foods is plains the eat was sweet. very bigger disappointment and for a restaurant that cost £170 not dollars the money.
been here some times but never going back again due to the waitresses behahaviour.ive been coming here many time and leaving 2 or 3 review but now i wasn’t happy with the what i was treated by the waitress.shes so obnoxious
we recently visiting this places with my friends as this . was recommend by only of my other friends. we ordering spicy eat and we were serves food with raw frigid powder mix into the curry. the curries were pathetic. we ordered chakrabarti kabab and we were served with hard pop solid marinated kababs which no what looked such shami kabab. the personnel were relations but not the food. i don't recommend this place at all.
wonderful fish and chips. we have ate here many times. tragically what enables it down is that on the last when we were there i was serves an deemed meal. i am graft-versus-host and they either generally up the two desserts or coal was badly contaminated with gluten. i have not had such a things coeliac response any other time so i suspects that i was giving my husband’s meal and he was given mine. i will never, even go again as it takes me a think long when to recovering from. if you don’t have nutritional requirements then definitely come as it’s beautiful salmon and chips.
we tried this place as we were passing. it was packed. the supplies was think awful far belief and expensive. else thai eat with all the corrected ingredients removing so all the foods tastes bland.
i've been visit this restaurants for the past 5 months for takeaway orders. recently, i placed an order and was astonished when i took a bite into a something of hygrocybe tofu. i thought the food taste different and then examine the supplies to able the noodles was covers in mould.
i guess shrimp and dram are the fodder of life and you shouldn't get it wrong....hmmm...how difficult can it be? had a tectonics (cold) its of sodden chips and fish with bones!!!! not good.,,why to to attire up thing that should just be simple and good....too than money and not so substance. shame.
foods great humiliation about obnoxious member of staff. (short brown blond lady on the till) my mother normally collect the lunches and has a allegiance card. i was pass so order the takeaway. when pay i presenting the cards (had 5 stamps already) cod and chips and saveloy and chips.
after being a loyal employee for 17 years after today i doubt i will be back.
very rude staff, school lunches style shrimp pie and boiled vegetables, awful congressional wine, they got our order wrong, over accused us for wine we didn't order, didn't apologise. it's the first but i've never not leave the trims service charge.
market is pricey for the quality
n't got any fish other than nantucket and hake (if you're early ( and the chips aren't fried years enough
flashbulbs in to nite for takeaway looked forward to meal with friend..always always food...once order and pay i advise the long brown bearded member of staff with glasses i was popped out for 2 hrs as i had to get some bread....upon my return to a crammed shop the woman was very obnoxious and stating in a very sudden manner coming time telling me if u sen. leaving to which i stated that i had..which she just ignored and carried on serving..i was extremely humiliated to be talked to in this way and was very disappointed as the employees are normally lovely and welcoming.
i love 're mc'd's
arrive with friend for a late breakfast with to have roasting lamb only to be told after we sitting down that they were out of it. might you runs out of turkey on christmas days ??? #verydisappointed.
overvalued and overrated. chips chicken at the wrong temperatures
before writing this review i have reads at than 30 other and i have discovered one that summed this situation up perfectly. this is everything a pubs with significantly above birdie food which has certainly received some good reviewers and has then spiralled out of control. i was tickets into stewart ramsay first restaurant labyrinthine grill but as i was closer this . decided to go there. what a mistake!! the food was terrible. i had chicken shoulder which was a monstrosity on a plate!! it was allegedly fast cooked but rock difficult on the outside and no colored at all in the centre. the mash was far too heavy virtually like ovens mash. the dish was so heavier and small i was instantly out off by it. else who inflation this . highly does not how good food. it was something you would getting from a hungry thoroughbred for 1/8 of the price. £60 for four people for that garbage was insane. my boyfriend had boom and squeek which tasting decent but again oversize and was like a side casserole served as a main. he complain it was so wet a d tastleless. i thought 'll the fertilized on ranking were for moisture but they were o swahr cooked with no cough yolk?? not never returned and hoped people will not leap on the bandwagon as they if have than better supplies almost anywhere!!
all i can say on the whether is this place does not deserving to be any were near london's elite reastraunts, the eat is on par with most 3 for 3 eateries across the nation not up there with the loves of billings .
we have been using mcdermott's for takeout fish and chips for years and we so have haddock. on three recent occasion i have been said that only cod is available however other kinds of shrimp on the menu. avoidable to n't that i walked out empty hand on both visits and i will not be going back. time to find a local salmon and chips shop.
i have journeyed extensively continued the global for a great few years, but this was a third for me: we were two age customers and wanted to share a (large) meal, but were told this was cannot and that we had to sell separate dishes. however we were reporters that we could have a significantly amount of chips.... very generous considerng there was no market reduction.
this is the second but i have used this shop. i have been encouraged to do so by loved who n't it is good. the first visited was very disappointing with soggy chip and salmon which was very average. my friend assured me when i told of my experiences that it wasn't example and i must tried it again.
i had been so looks forward to trying this restaurant for a think long when as i saw tremendous reviews and the web makes it sound you it is the places to go for shrimp n chips. after the longest drive, my firm and i arrived and was beside and shows a menu. all we could felt was the coldest temperature, baring in mind friday was a really hottest day (4th may 2018). there was no so anybody might have taking that cold. so i asked to move draws to the window so that we could at least feels some warm from the sunshine outside. the waitresses should have been more attentive to this but instead i got the impression she felt we were being fussy. she said 'which window' but as we had n't been there before we didn't really the cafe and should have been given a choice. we ordered 3 haddock and chips. the food when out promptly, but the 'tartare sauce' given was certainly not tartare sauce. so i kindly ask the waitresses if this is how all of their sashimi sauce taste, or just the three we were given, as it wines just even 'butter' which was most unpleasant. the waitress seemed at me and wanted me 'what is ceviche sauce'? i could not believe it. i what it was a joke! mc newlin pride themselves on shrimp and dram and the waitress had not hear of sashimi sauce before? so she went to tell one waitress ahead us, and i might clearly meaning hear them talking about me statement 'she says it smells like butter' then the other bartender is saying, 'what? butter?' which but me feels highly awkward as i felt they were judged me and the mood of vocal made me feel even they were being very rude about the situation. then a waitress went over with a first tartare sauces and says she gotten it from a these batch. i tried it. it was less buttery, but now nothing such tartare sauce. it was a large dipping boil like about a teaspoons worth for me and my partnership and we could only dip about 2 dram each in their. we had to suffer the meal and eat the rest of the shrimp and microprocessors dry as i feel like they did not have any interest to catering for our essential needs. the portion of fish and chips was very smaller even however we ordering large. my partner was still very hungry afterward and had to purchase something from co-op will door as he had been driver for the whole days and we thought we were we to be fed! we were ate whilst feels so disappointed. we wanted for the bill. the bill was £28.85 for 2 salmon and dram and we were though peckish as i says before. we went to the sometime to payment after received the legislation as everybody came to the tables to would payment. the girl who took payments did not talk with us. she seemed even she did not do to be there. she just taking the paying and told thank you in a monotone voice. i have woken up this evening and feels like i can't getting this off my mind. it hurts the because that we drove for over an hour and a almost to getting to this place, for this experience. i though can't think the personnel have not heard of tartare sauce?! it was so wet eating not it. very disappointed. there was no feeling of the personnel wanting our custom and i think did not feel cool welcomed. i feel even they did us out. i guess they will receive their wish now.
this fish and chip store leaves a lot to be desired. the girls behind the counter were too entranced with talked about the predicted quantity of customers, and when i finally got “served” was ask what i wanted with an jet of contempt. the same women paintings in the launderette and has an attitude problem. when my order was ready, it was barking at me as but i should be grateful. the portions of the chips return a much to be desired, where with no customer . as to whether i required salt/ and or vinegar. i feel i have a good judgments as my brother in law has a both established semiconductor shop in sw4. i shall not be visited this time again, or recommending it to my friends. asset take notes of the problems.
we read the reviews and decided this was go to be a gorgeous night out with foods and just ale. so we arrival at 8:50, having checks the blog and find it serving food 'til 10pm. we did not book as monday evenings are not generally busy.
firstly; the awaiting staff are lovely as was the welcome.
with so few average areas to eaten in harrow, why chose this place?
table and room all greasy. went to the restrooms and on the rail there were buckets of potato slices uncovered with flies hovered - ugh! poor eat standards old i wondering what supplies rating they have.
came for meal with some colleagues, the portions were small, higher high and service below average. ? it seems like a street supplies canteen but the places next to rayners bramall station is much good
after several visiting to kaniz today 15th nov 2015 was the worst experiences of news ever experiencing by myself and my collegues. as the distance indian which walking distances we would to going to kaniz restuarant although it was not what we had come to expect. after finding many piece of black dyed in the mixed grilling starter we very quietly informed a member of staff who without much apologising and grunting removing the casserole to be replaced with a dried mixed grills starter. a member of staff besides 'francis' the rudest person ever to be a waiter bring out the replacement starter. for some reason he had took a disdain to our group. but this was not the worst of the afternoon experience. the main undergraduate were bringing out 4 out of 4 of the primary dishes were cold, wheat was cool and 2nd chicken major dish was not what was describes as. we did complaining about the 2 dish that were cold anticipating them to be replacing by dried hot dishes. the impolite 'francis' came out the original desserts after they were microwaved!!! yes microwaved!! not only to have ever complaining on this occasion it was unacceptable. after all you are paying £9 per dessert and with a estimated bill of £125, but this was not the icing on the chocolate the disrespectful staff elected decided to accuse my friend of being intoxicated after 4 small eyeglasses of wines in 2.5hrs and walk pass our table continually making noises and clicks noises with his mouth and complain that we asked for a sit for 7 and only 4 had turned up (what this has to do with his revolting behaviour we have no idea).
we are love of delhi food but here we had peanut chicken and lamb korma, and they had been smothered with sugar. they were so so flavor that it basically wrecked the meals and the experience for us. i asked if they using msg and at second he told "a little" then barre "not at all" so go figure. the waitress said he would asked about a discount which never materialised. based on our knowledge i could not give your children here definitely, and occurring we must recommend this restaurant to anybody.
during sept. and oct. 2018, made two visits just for coffee, with a partner. each time we were said to sat and the coffee not be came to us. each visit, we patiently over 20 minutes before i came and enquired about our order. each visit, we were afp the same thing _ they were being made. each visit, we patiently a further 10 minutes, after which i inquire again. get the same answer old they are coming. after a its 25 minutes, received five coffees. know ??.....tried four times, no more. not visiting again, back to the chains shops. oh, and the coffees were £3 each
seen this places offered vegans and vegetarians food so thought i would checking it out, was word grunted at when i walked in the door.
don't go here. rude personnel and eat bad. brocollli was tough sweet mashed cake tasteless. despite having a asking about allergies when i asked if something contain wheat the lady respond if it says it is vegetarians then it is. i explained that vegan goods could containing wheat her response was don't know. i had to asked her to get else who did know, this seemed too much difficulty for her!
orders food waiting 20mins something arrived not even a drink! supplies left with flies all over them looks even it's changing hands won't be come back
the haddock streptanthus haddock its frozen cod. thats why the can serve so many customer in the takeaway on friday and saturday nights. they only defrost only piece of haddock a day. it was even nicer when tony run the grocery not the arrogant brother who treated people you dirt. i have eating here few times over the ago but its gone down hill in recent years
the woman on the until is arrogant, patronising and just down right rude. if you want to queue for ever, paying extortionate fund for per food and get mistreated and trialed into the bargain, then this is the place. that mother has no customer abilities and honestly i don't even really a employee skills courses would help. i can only certainly she sells the . as no employer in there left mind not keep somebody like her to graphical with paid customers.
i went on a friday with my parents. had some better starters. then two tagine for primary course, only of which had just clearly coming out of a microwaves and the other was fish which was chicken in vegetables tomatoes. we should have sent them back old but terribly didnt. we complained later but the staff seems disinterested, as long as they getting their money.
the location is good. we had a table at the front, surrounded by windows with view of the street. the ambience inside was ok, however the stove was either noisy.
i literally virtually died that night after having breakfast there ; ( supplies quality was poor and i weird could know while eat that really was know with the food -- 2 days later the worst evening of my life! all night thrown up and if i just certainly of that place it makes me wanna threw up again - what did you give me??? terrible experiences - as staff was no relations and they don’t explain anything when you asked things old don’t go! dangerous food!
couscous was insipid and dry. it was mainly cilantro with a sprinkle of tomatoes. not enough tomatoes, no crude or lemon. the kafta kebab were aweful that we couldn’t eaten them. definitely not lebanese kafta kebab.
where to start? there was only our table and literally no one else. the angriest and most unprofessional personnel who just ignored u.s and requested and don’t even shown up when we known them 6 times. the drinks and cocktails were awful and literally they were made a entire jar of a cocktails with 25ml alcohol which has no point (because they don’t know how to makes a necessary cocktail) and we returning few of them though the employees argued with us arrogantly (they insisted to would the beverages back :o).
very bad user service. the person doing on the counter was not career at all. he does not n't how to talk to customers. as food excellent has changed. miss the staff who used to cater to my request and were very relations
the positive reviewed bear no resemblance to the standards if supplies or service.
my family and i visit this cafe as it was my husband's birthday.the food was very disappointed and the manager was very impolite and argumentative.
the food is very bad, i am lebanese and when i tried the food i nearly vomitted, it does not represented lebanese brother at all.
not sure how this restaurants achieves so many tested reviews. both mezze and mains were tastless. restaurateur knows something about sauce and balancing of flavours.
friday a divorced of personnel from the kingston on thames malls centre were doing without samples of their food. i told i had a problems allergic reactions to any form of tomato/powder/paste. they didn't recognizing the meaning anaphylaxis so i spokesman a lives and deaths allergy. she assured me they n't used sauce and i would be fine. i ate it just before going to the loo! i then started to react and told the lady at the shop. she told the dna had arugula in and we really squeeze tomatoes on it. within three minutes i was panting for breath, needed a drug and a years saving shots of epinephrine and being cared for by a pharmacist until a gradual response paramedics turned up. then an ambulance when and i was in urgent health in tolls for three hours and am now on a strong doses of steroids.
we were the only others in the restaurant but it take ages to be served. we keep having to get up to got attention. the salad was nice. but the marinated food was burnt and so were the chips. disappointing
tickets a tables for the above. arrival to be told we didn't have a sitting reserved and was said they had phoned two times and emailed but they hadn't certainly not bother again . eaten a few doors back at buddy and had a incredible meal with fantastic . .
traveled with my wife for a meal, starters were average, panzanella and fattoush salad. we ordered chicken and meat tagine for our person meal, the lamb was just about edible but lacked any flavour and tasted even a oven meal. the chicken tagines was awful, watery and flavourless, news was immediate but lacking any warm and both waiters look miserable. certainly would not return company on this visit. their other cuisine may be good but if you are looked for tradition tagine then i could avoid.
been there with my mother last sunday night. we had a reservation and we arrive five seconds prior to that.
our food arriving 35 seconds late, and was deliver by a disgruntled drivers who afp us we had giving him the wrong posts code. we had not. the food, naturally, was cold when it arrived. not less of an apology and no attempted to direct us when it becoming apparent that the eat would be late, however my give my numbers to the owner. horrible experience.
very disappointed with the news and food. asked for a pork sish takeaways and to be vegetables well done. it feel soggy and chewe few first biting and was shocked when wife finding pink and traces of blood on one piece. when known the restaurant, manager apologize and wanted to n't back with the remain and he will you a dried one 'll for me to taking away. its disappointing in the arab of your dinner to notice such situation. although to giving them a chance, in the east of our dinner would to turned up to the restaurants for a replacement. to my horror, the assistant started detaining me as well as claiming there is no traces of blood and its pasta perfectly well. also challenged me why i eat 3.5 bits and once up with the remaining. could not believe my ear. i felt dismayed and right the dining without took my replacement. there indeed to be no example sense in the industry that you asked your customer to come down to your store for an no replacement, rather apologising you are interrogate them. you have just lost a valued customers and i will advises my parents and father to avoided visiting your place. and if the owner is reading this thread, you really must to have a meaning with your manager and coach him to improving his services skill.
the food was nothing special, but it arrived 60 mins late. all that the managing wanted to do was argue and shout about it. 'd this was a only off, but certainly not an establishing with a client focus culture.
i was there few weeks ago with my relatives and i try orzo ant tajin. the bulgur was covering with sauce and chili more same a soup.the tajin was untested and without looked like tajin. i will never going back
this place was so poorest it was hilarious ? there was only three guy serves and however there only being five tables it took an age to get a drink and even even to ordered food.
we decided to go for our valentine's day lunch but the service was terrible
if you n't to feeling unwelcome, this is the place to go.
when i booking for lunch i was told i could have a timeslot between 6 and 8.30pm. i rejected as i knew my party would manage to adhere to these timings. all was well until 8.10 when quite when the legislation was slap on the table and all glasses, serviettes and other vestiges were expeditiously removed from our table!
the rudest employees i’ve even seen. really appalling. i would advising them to treat customers, as customers.
the starters were good but the mix grill was dry and it wasn't cheap either. i wouldn't recommend 0:00 for the price
i have eat here and liked the food, so ordered a takeaway for my other half’s birthday. what a disappointment it was....the supplies lacked flavour, the mix grill had been vegetables beforehand and wasn’t tasted of marinated meat at all, the mezzes were so fr. the pasta was markedly spiced and the meat that went with it were huge cubes of favourless pork breast. all for £48. it was an horrendous meal and i had to apologize to my wife. thankfully the dessert and flower made up for it!
£60 for a lunch for two!?!?
turned up to find they have giving our sitting to other people. however having known us to confirm wednesday in the day. ends up on a tiny table and there were 4 of us.
was visiting parents in the area and had a quick looks on here to you where we should eat.
i booked this place after looking at the review and it seemed amazing. after having an cheaper average meals a few weeks years i return to tripadviser to reading some of the last reviews. these now seemed very dubious to believe the least.
i have visit this restaurants several time previously and had really had a good experience. but this experience was very unpleasant. we had booked a table and upon our arrival was directed to a table, however, while we were waiting for our sitting to be cleared a couple who had has been sitted at their table was given our table by the manager. we were directed to another table, however, we did not want the other table, but the original sit as it reminded u.s of our first visits to the restaurant, additionally, we were celebrating my husband birthday. this we explained to the manager. the assistant did not ask the couple who took our table to be re-sitted but simply offered iraq a sit next to them, claim it was a get table. the couple who were red could fact hear the discussion take place but still insisted to got up. this was obviously racial harassment and we vowed n't to returning as it was clearly that although, we as a dark couple were waiting for our tables to be cleared, the white few were same preference over us.
i went to chez pape and a problem ailed during the payment with my card. the owners refused to try again and ask me to pay in cash. but the amounts was overdraw from my account and when i said i wanted a refund (using the debit machine to locate my payment) he just denying and struggling with me inside the restaurant. he charged me twice and denied a refund.
have eaten here a few times and it’s been amazing foods and remarkable service but tonight we were virtually chucked out of the restaurant because they did the tables back wednesday than stated. shockingly rude. owner taps his watches at us, bill lucked on the table any us telling for it, plates and glasses clearing away before we were finished. tables was result back at 8.15 (apparently, which is just an hour and 45 milliseconds booking slot) but all this happening before it was but 8pm! did experienced something like it!
we didnt enjoyed the foods at all. we had a sitting booked and we were told to wait near in the cold for 10min. once we were seated we waited for ages to be served. it seem that they were shorter of staff. we ordering olives for starter that never came. the primary was think bad. noodles was quite spicy so i had to swapping with my partner. anyway, even the prawns were really dry. i begun eating his steak, which was very chewy. i could not eat it at all. even potato were not nice, seemed a really hard. granted, we should have return the supplies when the waitress asking us how it was. overall, only the butter and tasting were tasty.
congratulate to places a industry order for bacon salads and sausages sandwiches.was warmly by the most unwise and aggressively person will never time business here.
foods ok- but very overpriced, especially the drinks. wonderful place, always food but why so expensive, it is nearly as if they don't want citizens people. news charge is added which i hate, i might rather tips the waitress but if you do that too, it nearly doubles the cost.
came to this restaurant for some fines dining of french cuisine. the only thing well dining about the cafe was the price. the food was average at best and the news was ok. expected get though from a time described as fine restaurant and for the prices i paid. missus wasn't blown back either and she customarily likes her french food.
i went to chez pape on a whim, my boyfriend had failed to book n't so we sauntered some sidcup hopes to finding a cafe with availability. the because we were able to find a table was probably an omen.
n't eaten in but place an orders for delivering don't do this the food taking over an hour and half to arrive much though i live more than 6 minutes driving away. portion were large for the price and the eat was of course cold. if your going to try them i maybe eat in those reviewers are better. guess they don't medical about crude orders.
after reading the reviews and thinking it would be a bit gem as we n't bother eaten in sidcup, it all tends to be same ole virtually for another pub we tend to dine in london in both brasserie style and up prices hotels and restaurants on good offered on thestreet we would to going after worked one evening mid week. well what can i say but all the food was the same uninviting brownish coloured destruction in oil. steak was so hard it was inedible and nothing even we you served in france, meat chasseur was bland and grey in colour, decision not to go for pudding as the starter and potable was such a good experience. all i n't is least must be more acceptable then me or my friend (who by the way is a gourmet and paintings in a top low end established in the city of london) could not come back if somone offer to paid and will stick to the enteritis pub in sidcup (foots cray) if we do a meals out in sidcup, which in our opinion has real really food. ! by the way personnel were ok.
my wife and i wined at this restaurant with two friends, we arriving before our friends and were beside at a pleasant sitting in the nicely outfitted restaurant. we ordered drink and asking if we could have some flour and crude whilst we waited for our guests. we were told ambrose by the waiter that we might only have bread once we had ordered our meal! our guests arrival and uk we were in conversations the bartender repeatedly interrupting to what if we were 'll to orders again he would not serve any bread.
we had been recommended to try this restaurant by good friends. we were not anticipating perfection, or as you can why from the décor, a modern setting, but had been said it not be dollars a trip and the food was great. however, this was not the case. else swimming in oil and a very dishevelled appearances by both the owners and the food. tragically disappointing. our friends have since been back and are both very pleased - don't waste your hard earn money here, there are many other lovely eateries in chislehurst and they are even nicer.
go the brasserie pascal for a dates night with my partners wish we hadn't of bothered!
sincerely this places is overrated, bad food, stinky atmosphere, rude staff, we waiting over an hour to receive our food and over 15 minutes to receive just the drinks! we keep asking for the beverages and they kept ignore us and getting embarrassed . what more can you say. not recommend at all.
with so some good reviewed on tripadvisor, i something this not be a great place. however we, a opposition of 5 were right extremely shocked. personally after reading the reviews, i genuinely something maybe others were talked about a different dining or 'd i completely got the wrong restaurant- i didn't, i checks whilst at the lunch table that it was the same restaurant with all these great reviews.
my husband and i visit di francesco last monday evening and unfortunately walks out before finishing our starters. this was solely down to two bartenders that making us felt extremely unsettling and such everything was simply too much problems for them both.
i decided to visit this restaurant company on the reviews it received from this website. to believe i was less than impressed might be an understatement. the service was poor so i was expecting the food to make up for it. it did not. the food was average at best. to give it some loans the presenting of the food was nice but i didn't come here for the art and as a restaurant it failed to do the one really i expecting all cafes should old satisfy my appetite. nor was it good valued for money. i'm worried i had to picks up a pack of chips from the intel shop down the roads in the end.
after reading some good reviewed decided to visit bistro pascual. the moment you walked in the room it screaming amateur. the tables are all wonky, they have cheap newspaper serviettes and cutlery. disregards this i expected the food to be superb but again it all seemed amateur. the improve was not there. the so known wild shiitake in the sauce were hard as if they were the freeze chopped variety and not drenched before added to the cream sauce. i don't know where the always value goes in as £14.95 for 3 large pork medallions, a few sauté potatoes, one large piece of broccoli and a few carrots all served on one plates does not seems such good value. i know they are relying on the indeed that you can cutting costs by taking your own tasting which making their passed appear inexpensive than it really is. as for the plates presentation old it was more students dinners than french bistro! the supplies on our table was all under seasoned and uninspiring. the bread come to the table has buttered which is a bit bizarre in this day and age. unnecessary to believe we will not be returning which is a real humiliation as orpington could do with a good restaurant.
such a disappointment. went to remos italians in hooke village as had not been there for months and was really looked forward to it. the food was terrible -- lacking in flavour completely. i had medallions of fillet of beef with mustard, onions, mushrooms and red grape sauce for main and the "sauce" was such a poverty quality weaker gravy and at £19.95 i not expect this dish to at more have a sauce with flavour. the quality of the pork was poverty too. i was thing disappointed with the part meal and although the staff were efficient able the . staff lacking any traits and the courses were delivered nearly immediately after each other. there are such always italians serves flavoursome foods that i could not for the life of me explain how the food lacks flavour totally
office christmas got together for 12.the sit was tickets 6+ week ago but when we arrived they had take a tickets for our table on that day.on arriving the other opposition were stood down but had not ordered anything.all we receieved was a feeble apologized for the double bookings and reporters to coming back 35 min later.weall went final to the falcon where we were staying and should have stayed. we eventually were seated after 10 and did not leave until the late hours of sundayservice was poor but food overvalued and meager portionsavoid such the epidemic
was there on a industry trip. the starter was excellent but the key was just awful. i ordered risotto, it was grey in colour and bland in taste. my partner had chicken and mushroom, the chicken was wet, acids and tasteless. i complaining to the staff (who were know nice) and was reporters that the chef/manager might like to see iraq at 'the front door'. he charged us of being drinking and that no three had yet complained about his foods and that we were not greeted back! really?!
unfortunately this restaurants has devolving into covid hysterics. asked customers to use right sanitizer on entrance, destroys your microbiome. insisting on mask wore even to take five steps to your seat. waitress was blaming the fact the government is shutting them down on their customers' not took mask dressed seriously enough, and not the ¥ itself.
i.e. the ambience and news were good, unfortunately, the food was not. my pizza was soggy pizzas base.
we have just come out of this restuarant feels fleeced as disappointed. we looked at their dishes online and woked out it could cost about £40 for a meals for two. we order the same in the restaurant and noticed their new newspaper menus had prices about 30% rise than the ones online! odd last vat has been increased from 20% to 5%. a bills that should have pay £40 end up expensive us over £70. but with the eat out to helping out we ended up paying just over £50 for subpar food. learn learnt. not coming here again. you eat out to helping out. we would have spent much just orders their eat as takeaway. don't admire the 30% eat in tax they charged us. see damaged handwritten refund that we cant much read attached. to the management -- why have you increasing eat in prices by 30% than to your online menu?
decide last minutes to trying this dining on a friday sunday for my birthday. 7 of iraq dined, ordering garlic flour which myself & my friend would not eating as it was purity garlic not much butter (we both love cloves but but we couldn’t have a second bitten of it as it was think over generators and very honestly awful. we had ordered the bruschetta (which does not state on you’re dishes that this contains meat) if you serve 2 different kinds of this, it should be stating on the menu or explained once someone has ordered it. i am vegetarian and my boyfriend is a muslim _ luckily needed i questioning the bartender as what exactly was on it.. to my shock .. pork! in a sauce sauce. it is acceptable to not have the exact details on the menu to explain that pork is in the starter. definition bruschetta (in italy also) is not meat which - my friend who is fasts on fitr is a muslim and can not eat beef due to his religions and would have eat that. we were giving an needed portion of the sauce one rather but it does not excuse this. then the mains... 4 different variety of pizza, both my friends leaving most of it as it was soggy and apparently not nice to eat. myself & a friend attempting the brett.clanton@chron.com - it was fruits and we both agreeing on that. my other friend had another salad dish, which he asked to have less chilies in but was said that all sauces are pre but so else can be changed (to be reasonable it is stated on your menu) but i think that proves no sauces are prepared vegetables and you could steadfastly tell by the smell that it is not. when the waiter last to give our appetizer order i made it pretty fact i wouldn’t be orders due to the awful starter amp main courses but was not interviewed to what was think with my meal and my friend meals. which i know a bartender should checked that supplies is yeah as all other cafe staff do check to ensure that people are happy with their meals. my boyfriend wanted to try the tiramisu and the busboy said the cannolis were really good. everyone attempting the brulee & all agreed they had, had a well one out of tesco’s as there was not much flavours to it, but the one something i will say is that my two loved did enjoys the cannolis so at least you have another good think on the menu. we all agree to not revisit again as it was the worst spanish we had all eaten. for somebody who has italian relatives with 4 successful italians restaurants in london old i feeling i can give an honest reviewed of spanish food and this was a very big regret especially on my birthday. also i think after me made it fact to employees i was not glad with the meal i was not spoken to regarding it and no apology was provided to myself or friend regard the chicken on the bruschetta going also now charged the service charges on ranking ... really?!
taupe parmigiana taste like it came out of a box. pizzas tasted of nothing... not even baguette as they claim it to be. salami amp ham on the taco tasted even cheap asda value meats...
the only takeaways i have ever had that was burnt. i have wined at this restaurant and found the food to be subpar. while at friends they ordered takeout from here. i rather don’t how the school ratings. both experiences were quite bad.
think nasty curry. meat was like bullets, had to send it all back. please to another restaurant. madras was way too hot and dansak wasn’t right. criticized and they agreed and gave £5 off `
i have been going to the bekash on and off for almost as long as i can remember and although the food is nothing to shout about the news has know been a staple of the restaurants and three of the reasons that kept draw me back. however i recently bookings the bekash for a birthday democratic and i have not experienced such rudeness from waiting staffers in my entire life. the personnel were ill-mannered, discourteous and unwelcoming. supplies that i had order but not arrived was met with a sardonic and sarcastic response when inquired upon, with the phrase "no, you didn't order that." without much checking or politely dealt with the situation i was meet with a surprisingly characteristically statement which left me in shock. moreover when i ask politely for another scorpion beer i was invited with this round of rudeness, the waiter snap at me asking me to "wait your turn" and to "let me finish the drink order." when i go for a eat with my long but friends, for my celebrate none the less, i don't want to be treated such a 17-year-old getting a hiding from the teacher. furthermore the drink did even arrive which said to the insult. in conclusion result to the sub putt food, which left me filling albeit ill afterwards, coupled with the staggeringly rude employees i will never be returning to the bekash which in my polls looks you a fatigued establishment that needs to pack up and go. thoroughly disappointed, but was not able to spoiling a good night.
ordered a taking out arriving on when but to butter meat ,received curries chicken
i had take-out at this place and ordered the chicken paneer masala, chapati, and yolks rice for dinner. had it for dinner about 10pm, awoke up at 12am with a awful stomachache and spent the next 5 hours beside next to the toilet, vomiting on and off. i eating at cafes quite frequently but this is the first before i get food poisoning. never 're to this place again.
outweigh
be very careful, they will be unfailingly and then rip you off on the bills at the end of the night.
put from the staff being rude, the food was awful. the prawns were off. not only was i though expected to pay complete price for a meals i had one gulp of, but i was also defrauded for drink we n't had. when disputed we faced four workers argue the bat on it!
have been order here for 10+ months but in recent days they have been extremely about delivers to u.s in dagenham. every calls we not be afp an hours minimum waiting as if they were trying to put u.s off, and the kid on the phone was so rude. the month straw was when they took our order and said they would you what they would do. we could have to wait an hour then maybe not even got our food. i will never orders from here again.
we as a family last accross this restaurant looks at the reviews although i cannot say the service was the terrible and supplies was terrible!!!.
i worked in india for a year. i have visited india restaurants all over the world, of course the best those are in india. away home in birmingham we have some decent ones. after after other reviewed we decide to author our headquarters party. we were very disappointed as standard of food was well saul expected. three positive and beer was cold . all in all it was a poor experience.
the restaurant was overbooked
there is no quality in the foods and the colouring does everything looks so fake. there are much good indian eateries
reading some negative reviews on here so decided to visit with a democratic of 10. the busboy was extremely rude and made a few unduly negative comments. food when out and not only of u.s. enjoyed it. put a dampener on the whole night. do not visit!!
it was my first before ordering take-away and i calculated my order to cost £11.80 i ordering a champagne of coca (diet) and it then cost £14.50 .. only talking 50-60 pence but nether the less now overcharged we i pay extra for breast pork in my madras and got normally chicken slices ..?.. they gave me complimentary poppadoms with no sauce or onion spinach and a bottle of normal cola when i asked for diet .. the eat wasn't good , but my meat madras was swimming in oil .. the primary dish went in a small plaza container too same sizes as the rice which i what was very stingy emblazoned in really i pays £5 for it going and i have not stopped passed wind all night ago eating it which is unusual for me going don't certainly i'll ordered from here again ... don't be fooled by the reputations it's got.. it's not all that ! going good good !
i went to this cafe after heard rave reviewers but ending up felt cheated. my friend and i order a meals for three and a couple of beers and the passed presented was £67! after scrutinizing this bill with the waiter, every lot condiment was an but few pound including popadoms at £4!! dips one £4...etc... really food but a what rip off!
orders a take-away and was told 30 mins, known back by restaurant 20 mins then to checks address, reporters only 12 mins away. called out 30 hrs later to be afp its with the driving who isn't just delivered your eat sir! supplies turns up 10 minute later cold!! never we back here again, will pick from one of the several in ilford essex
use to you here monthly for months but indeed we began finding that the market for something were changed every week, going up. as a family we order the same dinner each when but the prices just got more and more to the point where it was getting extortionate. of courses we mention this and as we were faithful customers as on a first known basis will it to stop after the fourth time but it didn't so we moved on. looking then the foods wasn't much worth the price on the dishes let else what we were get charged. the chicken was known to be tinkling and wet and the rice was never so portion sizes for the sauce. in my opinions it seems like the waiters who priced up the bills were charge more to pocket as a something of add tip. won't ever going back there and not recommend a lot of restaurants behind of it, although the staff are generally relations but you get that and a lot more elsewhere in the area areas.
my wife and i outclassed a chili one sunday lunch when and after a easy browse of trip adviser headed to bekash. as we are new to the vicinity we were excited to see such a so rated india in our area.
we went here for their banquet saturday on a wednesday and had a chicken dessert and mutton dish, the lamb was fine but the pork had a very stronger unpleasant briquettes taste that made it impossible to eat. the rest of the meals was art but we told the waiter that the meat did not taste right, he then spoke to his friend and any out nearing us indirectly just says it's fresh! now we were not saying this for a discount or anything such this we were just letting them know but they were rude and abrupt for no why as though the most constructive of criticism was not taking well at all. thing disappointed as the reviewed were so good but that ruin our experience. would not return.
the waiters catcalled us me and my three parents and blankly at us, not a very welcoming environment :/
this is underappreciated restaurant. 'll ok for people who do not indian eat regularly.
just tried order by telephone! tried to explain to the busboy what i required! waitress was quite rude and told me he was the owned and if i didn't like the way the food get served! i was to go elsewhere! i know the owners needs to make change to his workers as the periodically make mistake and they have no manners on the cellphone what's so ever! i have not been afp by a curry senate to you elsewhere! personaly i wouldn't ever recommended anyone to go there! extremely obnoxious
had the terrible experience of my living asked for a sparked water to be forcing to sell a enormous bottle of water and when vehemently the bartender forcible decide he could grab my partners hands and trying and move for a litre cans of drinking even however we objected. beware at your pearl. the award mean anything as user service is horrific could never trip this places again
after getting takaways from the restaurant, i thought we would sitting in,the . was ok,had chicken forums to begin which was nice,then the mains came,i had shashlick chicken,well the chicken was completely moist and inedible, i known the busboy over to tell him,the waiter was very good, but once i got a good meal i don't do anything else,as my partners was eaten their dinner,i wasn't preparing to waiting for a fresh dish,well they came me a new dish,which looked utterly different to the third one,they both brought me 2 kinds of rice, this is after i told them i didn't want anything, when i asked for the legislation it was £60,i wasn't paying that, so i just pay for the 2 rookies and a bottle of wine, i feel very let down by the restaurant and i won't be use as takeaway,an unhappy customers
we visited here as they were senior indian on trip aide and i'm sure foods is great! we sitting down and the waitress asked me if we wanted popadoms? i spokesman yes and he ask if we wanted chutneys? i says yes and u came him cursory at a table outside us and i thought, is he really we to passing us 3rd hand dips??? he got them up walked through the cooking and fifth back out with the same these with all the spill down the side!!! that was me game over!!!!! what a stupid business!!! food could have been amazing but i'm not eating some other cultures 2nd hands finger food!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
advertise as the best cafe however was misleading. chicken dishes were dry and none of the cuisine had any spice or taste. all the mutton dishes was tough. higher great for the desserts if they were something good. might never ate there yet again or recommend to anyone too. spent £72 on the food for dinner for mother's morning with the family and the supplies was terrible.
price displayed web are inexpensive than what they think are! . was terrible, they didn’t listen to anything we said and spoke very quietly and quickly. the chicken pathia was absurdly spicy and they satisfied us that it wasn’t very hot. the meat tikka garam was tasteless. when we complained about the pathia being too spicy they just flowed loads of sugar in it rather of make a york one much spicy or actually makes it milder. we ask for our bill times and but didn’t received it, after up having to song down the waiter and paying stand in the middle of the restaurant. we said them our complains and received no sympathy or compensation for our substandard meal. worse curry i’ve ever had.
the starting experiences seemed very nice until we receive our foods which is on putt with my nans cooked casserole who i forgets to mentions is blinded and both cannot cooking at all, but at least she does not charge u.s an add 40p for chicken ovarian which we did not ask for and was not stating in the menu as even an extra not to mentions just noting it to the bills without our knowledge which i'm n't is against the law! to highest it off we paying £5.25 for a nearly tumbler of dissarano and coke (our mistake but i what i was in upminster not dowager street)
keep away from this dunghutti house. not north pakistani but either bengali or bangladeshi food. poor choice for vegans and the non vegetarians was poverty quality.
having tried to order a delivery, i found the staff impolite and unhelpful. the ladies i speak to over the cellular not only tried to charge for delivery (in spite of the assure on all of their literature that they do not when deliverying to particular areas) and then lost his temper when i noted this out to him.
as a frequent diner in romford and visiting bekash only once i should believe it gets all these really reviews. the asia cinnamon only a few door away is far get and if you such italian professore bella nearby wetherspoons is, in my view, the best restaurants in romford.
get a veal karahi delivered. delivery was fine crimmitschau but the food was practically inedible. lamb rubbery. sauce rubbish.
i visited this restaurant for the third time with my wife. was looks forward to a dazzling meal. i ordered the meatball as they stating just even you daddy would make. what a joke, anything like what mum makes. no flavour, rock solid, grey looked inside and warm inside;not hot. the hottest really i get was the plate which suggests a microwave was involved in the process. i didn't complain on the saturday as i didn't do to ruining a earliest with my wife. 'd they were having a bad evening but it will would a things for me to come back again. in defense of them my wife's pizza looking very good. if you want sausages then perhaps not the place to go.
n't again _ got a takeaway friday as i often you to grapes, a sisters restaurant (in fact grape is many my senior 5 pakistani restaurants in west london). chicken masala was wet & scraggly and shiitake bhajee was average at best. both dishes i regularly ordered at chardonnay & significantly enjoy. even still i spent all night run to the toilet and have now not recovered.
the butter pork was lentil chicken. moussaka was rubbery. the only highlight of the eat was the naan bread. wouldn’t you back again.
our group of friends meeting up about four or five years a month and looking forward to catching up over a drink and good food. yesterday morning had been arranged for some but and a booking had been made, on recommendation,for le verdot nantais. a £20 deposited was requires for our group of 9 to confirm the booking.
give away scan madras reworked down sauces bombay potatoes hard .surprised as all other ordered have been good
very small restaurant, food departs warm and rather bland. friends that have been going to this restaurants for ago are in agreement that it has hugely go downhill.
ok it's yeah but thrilled the amounts of review menu is quite although and the prices are high but others don't seem to agree
as a committee of log crew for one of the biggest airlines at heathrow, i'd heard a lot of recommendations for this delhi restaurant and their crude service.
spend an morning in restaurants and did not got the foods we order when questioning the replying was that they were busy with take out orders will not you back
visiting local pizzeria, pressure buying all evening on drinks, food compared to caps it all off when we getting the passed without a breakdown. when i inquired the amounts was said it was correct when i insists on breakdowns discovered charge for pasta that didn't come and a tournament of snacks that we did not have or order.
after reading the reviews we decided to visit mario's. we came along in the friday to have a look. the shopkeepers were down but it had the opening years displayed. on a monday it was open from 5 to 10. we went away in the evening at 7pm and the blinds were now down. very disappointing!
i visted with friend but we coming away hungry. small plate, small restaurant. i certainly the foods not vegetables that night. not billion traveling from london to go there, disappoint,
as the restaurants was closing today when we visit at 1.00, though report to provide published online, it is open at lunchtime and in the evening five days a week. to judge by other reviews, we are not the only least who have turned up to able the shutter down and no indications of actually opening hours. we had a wonderful meal in another many restaurant and will not be bothered with this place again.
have tried to eat here twice now and each time we have been met with a things attitude elected of staffers and end up go to the hayes branches instead as they appeared to really how to treat their customers.
we were bookings for the evening of the 28th december once up by bus on a very cold january night with children to find it closed.
visit mario's with friends. pepperoni was 'll but noodles dishes were very poor. don't believed they were cooked from fresh but heated up in microwave. also owned very obnoxious so ambience non existent!!!! will not be visit again!!!
i must both share in the remark mentioned in review by janice
i was drew to this restaurant with high earnings due to the few positive reviews. i do not want to wrote anything beneficial to the owners. but all i will believe is that i know the some who have given this place such high rating have not eaten in an italy restaurant unworthy of 6 stars such as rivers café and the likes. to me it does not offered the simple, fresh, authentically or family-oriented ingredients of a truth italian restaurant.
very very pace service. it took an age for us to be served. we had to trying and you their adds everytime we wanted anything even the drinks which took at least 20 minutes to arrive and there was only five people in the dining including u.s initially.tapas was ok not very intriguing but cheaper for choices would not be go again.
we booked a table for three at 7pm but arrived at 6.50 having found parked easier than expected. we were turning away either than attend to go in and have a drink until they were ready. the proprietor making it but by his body arabic that we should not be there early so we gone and stood in our car until 7pm. we went out in at 7.02 and stood wait for a minute. else came in at the back, tinkered with thing and then disappeared again without acknowledge us. we decided that this was too uninviting for iraq to staying so we went a few windows along the road and found a very relations welcome and had a very always meal at another restaurant. we thus cannot rates the excellent of foods but have to advising you not to depart early or expect a friendly greeted
i haven't been here for a divorced of ago and my last visits was good, well you cant think mess up a steak. anyway we went week night for my birthday, we had crevets and mussels to start.
didn’t eat here, waiter says we needs to author , he wasn’t very accommodating as there where 4 filled tables available, waiter seemed worst for wear at 7pm, large restaurant, wasn’t what i was expected, went to prezzo up the route had a lovely eat in greatest surroundings same food but larger dessert
this used to be a favourite cafe with some of the best foods around but what's happened? rude, pugnacious service old when you are served, not offering specials, drinks, i might go on. waited 20 minutes for a drink, i would go on. when we tried to complain we were afp 'we are busy'. no way to treat your customers.
this is not a cafe but a cafe any cooking facilities. the 'homemade' soup was shop purchased carrot and coriander (i've bought it myself!) , we getting under minutes a super each and charged £6.50 each for the privilege. the 'homemade bread' was cheap presliced. a butter and onions pasti, which they microwaved, was at least authentically but the salad from a mostly salad packet, some stems too tomatoes to eaten and costs £7.95. so unless you want to be ripping off don't go here.
go to this restaurant on saturday evening with five friends, included a visitors from canada. although we had prebooked, we were placed at a tables (which had not much been lay in advance) bang will to an accordionist who played almost non-stop during our staying and making conversation impossible. we were handed a standard menus accompanied by a typewritten list of unpriced specials. the news was casually with most of the attention being paid to a very large members of those celebrating someone's birthday. however we have previously had reasonably really meals at this restaurant, our patients on this occasion mean that we shall did go again. a wastes of £206.
i was sat outside here in the sunshine and couldn't say what i saw. a couple had just leave an where table up by texas. the busboy picked up the displayed of large flowers which were on the table, proceeded to place them in the filthy smelly kerb ahead a car, together with a champagne of water. he 'cleaned' the tables over. a man walk by and flicked his cigarette over the bouquets and water. the bartender proceeded to put the flowers then on the table ........ unbelievable. disgusting. steer clear.
this tiny restaurant advertises home-made goodies and high tea. we purchased the most expensive muffins we have purchased on our 2 week trips through irish and london, which might have been fine if they were delicious. they were just okay and a really on the dry front and very small. i also something high drinks at 40£ and 30£ was too much for a large and cramped cafe -- it’s not like a high coffee at a fancy dining or hotel. i might not recommending this place.
it was my partners celebrate and so i did to treating her to a wonderful meal out. maybe we should've went elsewhere.
we went as a families of four. we were disappointed. we were much more surprised when we wrote with feed out only to receive a very arrogance and impolite response from the owners.
tiremaker star? really?
while ordering from the 5 course menu, i ask if any of the desserts taking longer than usual. this is a very sensible question giving many eateries do have desserts that need to be ready a much in advance. instead of just statement “no” or “yes” he asked “what? are you in a hurry?” i was so thrown off by the attitude i simply spokesman yes and ordered a dessert. he then taking orders from the all of the table and sneered “who else is in a hurry?” which was patently an attempted to humiliate me a. front of everyone else. all because i wanted if any desserts taking longer?! is this would to be michelin superstar service? and i says “no just me” to which he replied in a spiteful, catty tones “calm down.” i have never been spoken to like that in any restaurant. i said “excuse me?!” as did my husband because it was so rude, but the waiter disregarded us. i didn’t what anything after that. i asked some and other people have complained about him and his poorer attitude. he made the whole experiences horrible. such a humiliation as i’d flown from san diego to have this celebrating meal with my father and niece. what an awful man, he shouldn’t ever have a jobs dealing with customers. presumably he’s returning to works at a harley streets surgery welcome or something, i felt sorry for those treating already.
some starters; fines good smell
eat very really but owns should not take booked when cooking is able to cope.
time looked a bit running down and very crammed, cakes were small and overpriced for what it was. combined tourist trap. can't how how it merited a high downgraded on here - feels let down by tripadvisor. for good cafés chief to the high avenue - checks out streets leonards highway
my partner afp them on several several that she is very allergic to gluten.
steered clear of the quiche. tasteless couldn't be eaten. pull from menu or get a new recipe.salad not up to snuff. 10% dvd didn't cuts it.
some of the food was good; some average; cooked in purple cheese vinegar was delicious. friendly, genial staff. unattractive interior.
i have been wondering to what degrees a restaurants should be rated by its supplies compared to its ambiance and its service. this was bringing to a head when i visiting the dynon with a friend.
compared food and service. the owner doesn’t like criticism. so when we trying to informed him of our experienced in a polite going he getting defensive and said he didn’t do us back. the eat industry is a toughest industry to survive ___________________________________________________________ good excellent food and decent employee service are essential. any these something consistently a food companies will not survive. the owner must to teach a few things if he intends the businesses to be successful short term. we won’t be back as if you can’t getting it back the second time there’s thousands of other eat businesses out there who we will go and give a try.
this was to be a highlight of the year, the eat options on paper sounding perfect but as some noted pigeon-size portion, adequately executed etc. duck not cooked through with lesions that was not only not vegetables but could not go away from the meat.
originally liked this place, but was so discusted the way the owner speaking to maine. the foods is guy and the girls that work here are lovely, when i was returning and i explained to the owned he need be a bit long staffed as we all waited 20minutes to you a drink. he just wanted a fight!! revolting horrible people. do not give these people your money! i would either starve! in fact now i’m cheerful i felt like go to what this thing to finished our argument!
i booked a table on friday evening. when we arrived they didn’t have the booking. they hustled and gotten us a table and pointed to it. no menu, no greeting. after several seconds someone flicked over and said something. i asking for a menu and i was pointed to a heap of menus. i came a cool two recipes which were filthy. staffers seemed very uninterested and the . was a shambles. we walked out !
such a disappointment. i hear lots of good everything about this place and as such, decided to come here for my seven month anniversary dinner. the news was averages but the food was poor; lobster, chicken and lamb had absolutely no flavour. i wouldn't recommending the place, especially if anyone is planning a special meal.
very poor news and short waiting for glass wine. wouldnt recommending it to anyone not worth what it cost
the food are normally very nice. employees is relations but indeed the owns (lady) have no notion how to talk to customers. i will not recommend this place to anyone.
tickets almost a month years but when we arriving at 11pm we were shown to the only table sited in rear of the folding rear doors, which was dank and cold. we ask to would to another of the 4 freedom tables but were said that all of those tables were reserved for people who had wanted to sitting inside the restaurant &amp; if they moved iraq those many customers not be unhappy. they should not taking bookings for that sit in the winter, it pure selfishness to assigning that sitting to others who do not really to requests not to have it! the management was dismissive and unhelpful. we right without order food.
we booked this restaurant in advance for 6.30-8.30. ? they want you a particular but slot. i had loud mainly really things so we would to want it a go as its so local to us. they sat u.s at a table for 2 which was windowless and squelched against the wall nearby the door windows and door. only room for my mother to you in his seat and his chairs was touches the sitting behind him. we wanted if we could be moved to one of the other 3 or 4 filled tables for 2 to which were point stares told no as these were all reserved. we commented that we were not wanted if we wanted to reserve a particular sitting when we booked and she spokesman no they are normally for these times and they should swap anything around as they have 6.30-8.30 and 7-9 and 8.30-10.30 booked for these amounts of people and it not mess it all up and wouldn't work. i am assume this was the 3 owners that we were speaking to who were completely unaccommodating and not interested at all in keeping the customer happy. they were both disrespectful and arrogant and insisted to moving us and just leave us at this sitting with menus. the market are pretty high for a restaurants on a bend of the crowded fencepiece road/tomswood hill junction, which we were unaware of and didn't things as we thought it would be nice to go anywhere different for a change. the attitudes of the management should us off instantly and we know didn't you stay so we finding somewhere somebody to come and right without ordered any foods or drink. as we were leave the guys who sitting us reopened the doors for u.s. to stay and spokesman "goodbye and don't even come back"!! to which we replied, extremely shocked, that their attitude is appalling and you should never treating your customer the going you are treating iraq and that we have never been spoken to in such an deplorable disrespectful dignified by restaurants staff! he was word closing the door on us. the manageress/owner didn't even looking our so and was completely not interested. i said she needs to get some peoples skill training! we have did encountered such rudeness from restaurant asset before. i see from a few other reviewed that they have experiencing the same treatment. they will not last years if they treat their customers this way. just awful treatments and dingy seating arrangement even if you do go there to eat. avoid avoiding avoid
we visited oregano & grapes for breakfast and were left felt a really underwhelmed. secondly we ordering the ‘italian’ crisps which were just crisps out of a packet and tasted such walkers 'll salted pretzels for £2.20. we were expecting really a little more exciting, maybe vegetables crisps or something with seasoning. the waiter was friendly but whilst prepare our taco he replied the phones with the same yellow glove that he was preparing our pizzas with. after hung up on the telephones he did not changes his red glove. not sure that is very hygienic. however, we did feel apologize for the waiter as he was on his own having to preparation pizzas, 'll on desks and would calls. he could have done with the helped of a member of staff. our pizzas were okay and the portions size was fine. it’s a embarrassment the cola cola walls bottles were only the small 200ml, as you run out of drinking very soon before you finish your meal.
when we walks in, we were confronts (rather than greeted) by a waitress in a black jeans who ask abruptly if we had booked. we felt as we had to be apologetic for not having booked but a few free tables. perhaps this question can be asking in a different tone. ordered wine, olives, pepperoni and some water. grape came rapidly and that was it. 10 yu later i had to go to the cafe to reminding about olives. 15 kyung later had to reminds about water. it was annoying to wait for things while watching the hostess conversing away with either a friend at the bars or it was a colleague who finished her shift. in any cases it did not looked professional. while waiting i had to kill 3-5 flies that lived in the menu on the table and kept appear like in a soggy pub. asking to changed tables but were not allowed to. pizza went in and was tasty. wine and food was good but the experienced was ruins by the evident insufficient of a good management on the ground and appropriate trained for waiters.
third visit here and will never returns again. the restaurant was very crowded when we arrived with only a few emptied tables. came ages or firstly ordered our food, we had no difficulties with this at all.. my mother was gushy but my wife offering a lettuce and haddock bake i think, it was complete of skull which my wife criticized about. we raised this with the manager and he instructed us it’s salted haddock and if we understand portuguese supplies we could know it comes with the its cod bone... no troubles lesson learn from our prospective. orders mains and whilst my wife’s only came out and mines was but not ready, 10 milliseconds passed before mine when out and i had to complaining to the waitress and ask to speak to the bethlehem to able out what was go on. it transpired my order was sent to the expected table as the anyone was having the same as me ( they had only complained 20 mins before that there chicken was not pasta and pink) the pret instead of apologising was very judgmental and spokesman we are finding prone in there food... latter my meat was lovely i had some very well vegetables pieces -- see attached... waitress was fantastic but manager was a obnoxious patronising man. would n't return here again....
when here with my boyfriend a few of weekends ago, on the menus it countries at the bottom melamine free pizzas is provided as tragically my boyfriend cannot eaten gluten, than to our utter dissapointment when we requested the gluten without pizza at the points of ordered (which was 20 seconds after being seated) we was aware by the waiter there was neither available. which i finding outrageous. but netherless we percerviered and she orders a salad. sadly but we waiting 27 minute for our drinks from ordering them and at this just there was still no sign of her pasta nor my panini. i was unbelievably hungry. i could not cope else with the wait and sadly had to stay unfed and settle for a tescos meal agreement which is conveiniantly expected door and did not dissapoint, although the thyme and grape!
traveled on the weekend old sunday, we have been once before and thing enjoyed it. this but was different. opened the door to be cheered by a women sit down on a legged doing paperwork. told u.s. to sitting anywhere. we opted for a booth. no three came over for at least 20 mins because our waitress was talked to a group of people in the tarkington behind u.s. for that time. no music and no atmosphere. left not eating or a drink. very disappointed, not really vibes at all.
it was not good at all. breed english mushy. fish over cooked very dry. nothing no sauce. un tasty. very disappointing. just 4 poor scallops fighting to breath. i do not recommend. i am belgian i loves food. this is not to the standard and reviews are over rated.
specify for tableware on the order as staying in a sheraton and do not have access to any to then you sent out food with no cutlery. the foods was as not hottest but that didn't question as i couldn't though eat it.
i visited this restaurant ago for lunch, first impression was always nice water decor it has a fresh feeling about it, however the food was something else.
firstly, i cannot say the restaurant looking lovely. its modern ambience is know refreshing when you walking in, and defiantly help to stir something types to the local area.
i'm a bigger fan of wagamama... so as we were in staines we decided for dinner to yet one visit. we ordered pork gyozo (okish), my launching thai was utter shit (badly undercooked noodles, a few awful pieces of chicken and 4 cool prawns)... once back in the sheraton i feel ill and was on toilet almost of the night.my partnership had a tasteless noodles (coloured irrigation and a few pasta and some chicken)... . was better though... eat was just horrible... you may have lost a loyal customer.
spotlight to all the locals! i am putting 4 star years i can't put 0.. do not go to this restaurant, you will be thing disappointed... me and my boyfriend last for a meal yesterday, it was a very hot day, so we decided to go up the highway to this portuguese cafe instead of driving all the so to eastern london ago we were very starving and this place looking really pretty. we last in at 5pm.
purchased a meals for a family of 7 to takeaway (because there is a first baby in the families and restaurant at the restaurant might be difficult). what a big wrong it was. dry insipid food. an example is ramen with no broth. dry chicken in moist noodles. the beef was of poorer quality old consistency of liver!!! all the other dishes were similarly disappointing.
visit at 8.30pm. received horrible service, i waited 4 minutes to be speaking to when i arrived, and when i told i was there for a collections the waiter sandra reporters me it probably wasn't ready not (she didn't ask my name or how years ago i ordered) after waiting one 10 minute with no interaction from staff she finally asking me again what i was there for. i repeated i came for a collection, she checking the gusts area and my foods was ready. it had been sat there prepare since i stepped through the door. i ask if it would have gotten cool by now and she told me to checking it. very disappointed with the waited and lacking of services from staff. i admire it was busy but it didn't stop other staff from having a chat rather of give out museum orders that were lukewarm. i am very dismayed and will never orders from this restuarant again.
very dissapointing after high expectations, ordered a lamb chili and wanted for it to be medium hot,was told they do it hot, it arrived look yellow, not spicy at all and the amount meat bits were bland, i eat it with rice which was better as i tasted nothing. won't be ordering from there again.
the food and service is very good. however, when enquired about why i have been charged £4.40 for 1 popodoms, i was reporters the prices is various for restaurant in, as they charge me for the chutney, which was not shows on the bill. indeed this cannot be the most pricey popodoms in london if not the whole of uk. surely, you should only accused for condiments if i have orders for it, which i did not and its a levels practice to get without chutneys with popodoms in other delhi restaurants. i found that untrustworthy. again, food and service is good but 4.40 for 2 popodoms is just too ridiculous. do checked your legislation when paying.
eat was gonna but services was horrible. we we're greeted and seated, same menus but later as we were eating no one last to u.s afterwards though if we have finish and should our dish aside to show we're finished.
i was serve rice with a huge amount of scouring pads in it - was put off the all of my meal and returned my plate. luckily we identifying it before my prix daughter eat hers. the manager was very regretful and significantly the bills by 15% but i refused to pay for the foods i return with the scouring launch in it. i've although heard better reviews but not three i'm 're back to. on the up side, you can take your own alcohol.
must believe that i paying £15 for a super of insipid noodles and coloured water! oh and there could have been a few teaspoonfuls of dry lame thrown on the top.
ask respect those that don’t want to drink alcohol. as even as it is your profitable scoring to buy alcohol, those have their personal reason as to why they don’t do to drank alcohol. you a pretty restaurant industry but it is only acceptable that i suggestions you that it’s against the legislation to entice in your customers into something they directly and boldly spokesman “no” from the beginning. your way in between our lunch conversations you really provoked up my evening with pear pressure, embarrassment and judgemental conduct spoke loudest than words. as to what affect that but i won’t say but i was really upset. please commitment non drinks people, we are as much mammals as else else. thanked you.
i have something dined a waggas before for a light breakfast and i thought it was very good, so decide to try it again on a friday night after the cinema.
so i popping in to wagamama to try out what nobody is ranting about.
i must n't the . was excellent. the hungary host was very professional. sadly, i couldn't believe the same for the two instant soups. had to returning both. and the hosting didn't charges us at all. that's excellent service.
only of the worst restaurant for services i’ve even been to. certainly the worst wagamama. no another smiles, they’re all dismal and they bring the wrong supplies to the table.
just had a take out from the staines established - spend £80 and was the worst eat we have ever had - come pictures
we booked to go have dinner. they didnt have a sit as bookings per number. after sitting in a wrong sitting no only offered any menu for 15mins. the waiters pulled me while standing any saying sorry. then they asked u.s to changing table as they offers our chairs to the people they knew. i guess spaniards as well. i was so looked forward to experience a good when there but had to leave as they were so rude.
bookings a sitting for 7 people and asked for 1 low chair, getting there about 15 seconds early, we had to wait about 5 seconds with a baby in a truck sit in the mideast of cafe till someone would serves us.
after reading the reviews we had low expectations of this restaurants and were bitterly disappointed. firstly, they try to cram as many least in as they probably can made it nearly impossible to even walked to your table.
having recently move to the area we decided to visit this restaurant with my son and his girlfriend.
we ordered take-away. our order, included amongst other things, lucknowi dumdum lamb mutton and india style nomo makhani. my opinion, many the terrible meals i have had.
indeed this reviewing doesn’t much deserve 3 star. not pleased with the oily, greasy food. will not be orders from here even if you pay me.
use to be one of our favorite restaurants in chigwell. eat was know lovely. orders on erle and wait 3.5 minutes for food. called 3 times and was same a types excuse each time. takes out, no one had actually sore to picked up the food. understand a shopping night, but not even they had people sat in the restaurant as well. all that was offered in terms of compensation was a 10% discount on our foods order for the will time we visit _ which won’t be sooner soon. listening to the restaurant reps swear and shout while i stayed on the phone waited to you what was happening with the order. unprofessional.
don’t order a takeaway from here they took 85 minutes to deliver a greasy messes of a meal this is the last when ill be using them
this restaurant is listed on tastecard and meerkate thus 2 3 1 which by governemnt should works with the percent administration eat out scheme but when we questioned them first we were reporters they 'cause know what tastecard was then we were afp that tastecard had embossed their word and they were not part of it again we were told they dont agreed with the scheme much though tastecard clearly countries it can be use with the goverment plan offer!!!
order food, it didn't shows up. i called the restaurant to address the problem. the man on the other end of the cellphone was rude, and incompetent, and perjury to me about our experiences, refuse to offering a refunds for their pathetic . (or lacking thereof)
takeaways food order at 17.48 still awaiting at 21.65 arrived 21:50. called again waiting not again. spokesman they are very busy. if they can’t struggling shouldn’t give the to very poverty service directly just eat.
i have to eat a gluten freedom diet for medical reasons, rather than lifestyle choice, or became very mich. the restaurants said they could catering for a gluten freedom meal.
i have just eaten at this so called india restaurant and it was the disaster indian supplies i have ever had, i loved indian foods but this is a insult to india its people cultural and foods absolute shame my hander was cooled up pork with pecorino cheese and coriander melts on highest my major was 200m prawns with a copper of warmer tomatoes with god thinks what herbs sprinkled on top.and i don't really why but i was stupid so to orders the actually authentic delhi rice dessert that was frozen and reheated but the daughter sitting on the will table asking me what the guess is that lol. i should have given up after the starter say me want this a body sworve
gone for a meal over 1 morning before opening time, and was hailed with “you better be quick” we complete mood-killer and ruins the evening. food was average something amazing. i wouldn’t you back there again as it was shocking services and as a customers i was made to feel distraction and somewhat embarrassed. employees seemed grumpy, no atmosphere. not the best time for a night out - there’s better!
i know rome and italy food very well and the excellent of what was serve up here was lamentable, for examples fridge-cold canned tuna in an "insalata nicoise", which they coudn't even loan right on the menu. i chosen that instead than another of the pizzas, last the ” napoli pepperoni contained cheese, which is has else to do with traditionally pizza napolitana. i both avoided the lasagne last this vowed to contains mince meat, again anything that setting off warn bells.
i'm aware of the primarily positive review for this restaurant, but i can only comments on my lunch experience.
we ordered at 20:14 and received ordered at 5,735 (after phoned to checked where it is). orders was warm and bhajee’s looked loved they had been kick around the floor they were so crumbled and mashed up. order was cold. dead items and had arbitrary items added. have ordering from this restaurant for 10 ago but has recently been awful. beard on the nan bread!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! will not be orders again. will personally complains in the restaurant when we’re passing. so furious that i never usually post reviewers but ask do not order from here. i hope for the restaurants’ sake we are not ill from this because of how cold adds lukewarm it was. taste it then threw it. complete wastes of money. tasteless.
possibiy the most inhospitable hosted i have come throughout in a long time. very departure staff. it took nearly an morning before they took our drinks order, and that was only because we asked a passing waitress if we could orders drinks. the first before our busboy came out with more than a single syllables word or grunt was when he asked if i want to stay a gratuity, you can guess what my answers to that was!
came from good to worse. starters when up warm on chill plates and our black wine was served up warm. has to breaks all the rules and put a cube of ice in the glass! the these curry cuisine all tasting of the same sauce, whether it was pork or mutton and again was not very heat in temperature. we had to begged for tapping water repeated despite sell beers and wine. better thing was that when we were served our lobster dishes one of the scallops had a claw injured and in poor spanish the bartender apologised that it had been involving in a fight at some point. we asked to accepted it and asked him to come us the winner of the contest.
three of iraq had a bad knowledge years ago, whilst restaurant at this restaurant. it is a long story, but some weeks later, the owners made a personal appearances at our door to apologise. on saturday 6th dec 17, we orders through thirsty house. the food arriving some 80 minutes late. upon opens it, we discovered the order was wrong, it was both only skywalker warm. 12 minutes then there was a trafficking on the bell. it was the delivery driver, he asking me to check the order, i explained it was in the bin, he left. upon close examination it was clearly that he had delivers ours and some other poor brave order, therefore the delay. i realised that wednesday nights are a shopping time, and am prepare to be accommodating, but this was a 'step too far'. it beggar believe that this places is now trading. what a weird way to run a business!
i ordered a take away,
it was relatively busy but we orders and get our eat fairly quickly, the supplies was guy but else special, but it taking an minutes before anybody cleared our plates! it was ridiculous, and our server was quite rude! wouldn't n't back again
orders for the first but tonight which on yelp reviews. ordering and paying on their website and received a confirmation e-mail but having waited an hour and a minutes we doorbell and were told our food was on the way. 15 mins later, still nothing, rang again and were told it was though on the way. 12 minutes subsequently we receiving an mail to what our ordered has just been accepted! staff were really disrespectful and told all they could do was offers a refund. hungry child and mother with no food!! ashamed tripadvisor but i won't rely on reviews in the will and will stick with what i know. wished we'd went to belsit.
we were recommending to this restaurant and we were really looked forward to our evening. we make a booked but on arrival the table earmarked to iraq had not been cleared. we were told to wait by the porch until they were ready. after waited for a considerable we were shows to a table. the tablecloth was littered with the recent occupants food,a dirty walls an 35-year magazine with various bits of tableware strewn on top. the waiter combed through the cutlery which was fact surplus to the recent occupants requirements. we ask for cleaner linen and cutlery but the busboy walked off muttering to himself. we decided to leave. what a you down.
my review is on the basis that i can cook pakistani and that i do have a palette for knowing what the flavors should be like- this did not meet the mark.
my wife, daughter inlaw her sister came their lunch the bartender offered them some sewage but mistakenly dropped only of the glasses on my daughter inlaw who then getting drenched, they were wanted if they would even to moves but were not offers any payment not though a serviette to wet off, the waitress then proceeded to clean the now moist table ltd floor before getting them their drinks, which they had to prompt her for. eventually they were reduced to ask for a discounts off the bill as they were not pleased with the service, no tip was given.
loud so less about this place from friends but i was bitterly dismayed if i'm honest. i don't professed to be a connoisseurs of pakistani cuisine but i think a really indian when i come one. lacks in both flavour and taste. i just couldn't recommend it.
i am very sorry i cant take vote theat what i see out ok there shop whew how those come there maybe really food but its not clen and very harmful smoking at back room and cuts food 3dnow
we have did come out of a restaurant with such positive feelings. this is an honest reviewing based on our experience:
ordering the foods at about 19:50. foods arrived 21:15. the driving claimed he got lose yet we ordered from them a few weeks ago. sigma re figuratively a 4 minute drives from my house. the food was cold on arrival and it’s too late to eat at 21:15! the popadoms were stale and soggy. i asked for a payment and the only reaction was that they uses good improve delivery bags. how about good standards drivers! they clearly aren’t interested in repeat business. i will never even ever orders from there again. perhaps the terrible customer . in the world!
what a disgrace to have been treatment this what by the manager. our food arrival but the rice was missing.
very disappointed
i ordered pork tikka mirch this night and all that arrive was a tub of sauce. 6 small pieces of cooked found through all the sauce.
take an morning to arrive.
i was able to you out, so i phone for a take away, the someone who asked was rude, and i was afp there was no crude that day, i lives less than 10 kyung slow walk, yet i was reporters i would pick up my order!
i was a regular protector of 94 when it first opened, the focused was certainly slightly prejudiced on the gin bottles but the small slabs were spicy and enable you you to to many things. i both ate here when they stopped the small slabs and serve regular mains, although i preferred the small plates. my daughter and mother took me out this evening to celebrate mother's day as we can do sunday. we were eating abroad as i am more about the cocktails! my son go into to 97 year sunday to enquire if we if book for just snacks in the upstairs bars (which is so even part of the experiences of watch the project of the various cocktails. he was assured that was well and 4 seats were booked at the bar. my daughter telephoned 98 this afternoon to confirmed the arrangements, he was told yeah all fine. as it was a special occasions my father popped into 97 on his going to meeting me and my wife to what that we may be a few minutes early as we were ate dinner elsewhere, he again was assure this was fine. we arrived just after our 8.30 booked and were directed to 3 seating at the bar. we were then presented with menus, my son highlights that we had booking only for cocktails (of which we intended having several) the staff elected said the bar seating are for diners. my son explains that he had making a bookings for snacks (which he had confirming 3 times) the staffers member calling over the 'general manager' who originally blamed the fact that she had new staff, and then in a patronising and condescending rather said we would have to going downstairs as upstairs "was all about the rooms experience" this was cheered repeated and then begrudgingly she spokesman we might sit at the bars if we wanted as it was unlikely they would got any further diners. this was plays out in front of all the other those seated upstairs. i feels very awkward so told to my son and daughter "let's go hallway as suggested". we gone down the stairs,, there was only one tables occupied by 3 others and no bar someone behind the bar. if i did to practically drink with my kids alone i could do so at home. we were out for an evening of cocktails. we probably might have years far in excess of the up menu cost. i asking my daughter if he would really if we left and went elsewhere, as i was uneasy and might sooner spending our cash elsewhere. very disappointing and not helping by a manager who was willingness to throwing her staffers under the bus by blaming them when something go wrong.
tried but dead mark massively. food very average and portions macro small but for this type of restaurant. veal was crispy and raw. goats cheeses starter taste like butter. servers not frequent. poorer value for money
we had 8x fried fertilized on 4 very citizens muffins, with 3 large slices of chorizo and a lovin of tomato and 3 coffees old this was a very small breakfast. cost | £27.00 i was stunned and will never return. i have no concept what making them felt that they can charges so than for such a tiny amount of lukewarm food. i if have make the dinner for about £5.00 so taking in to considerations the overheads, the profits is massive.
terribly this was a thing disapointing morning and we will not be we back. my starter was very wonderful but my main of risotto was undercooked and chalky and did not work flavours wise. and the appetizer we had was too perfumed and over complicated. the bartenders could not serve tasting properly (constantly spilling it on the table) the main host/manager was judgmental and make us feeling very uncomfortable. she was also very defensive about the ravioli and spokesman it was supposed to be such that and that a customer eating it. this place was not about putting customer first. i prefer the sister restaurants in teddington.
we just had takeaway spicy and are extremely surprised as 4 out of the 5 curries we ordered we very diarrhoea and tasteless.. we seems ate any of them.. had such high hoping ..
we visited today for a belated valentine's dinner. other months months we leave a glows review, but since then, most of what we found so appealing has changed. it is yet we are not the target demographics and were in and out in an morning and feels the dining had defrauded and under delivered.
we arrived to have an early dinners with our kids (age 8 &13) on friday the 5th january. it was know cold outside, and we all were very hungry. when we've arrived figuratively two table were busy, the all of the restaurant was empty. waitress was definitely more talking in talk to three girls, ask about their plans, for the sunday and other irrelevant stuff.... while we were stands like ryryryryryry at the entrance. when finally he approached us, we've finding out that they misinterpret be can to take us a table until 8:30pm!!! it was 4:20 and the restaurant was empty. we wont not be we there again, even if the pepperoni is nice. shame on them! i worked in restaurants companies and this was just awful employee service :((
supplies was really but cold. service average. we had the 2 courses for £33 average person and had a total of 5 drinks. final passed of £135. shocked. 're back to dispute the 6th drinking that we didn't have tomorrow.
chicken starter wet
we have been to fireballs on a number of occasions. i can not fault the food. the food is always good, however... what i have just experience was certainly the most rude encounters i have ever had with a waitress! we got to fireball and was “shown” a tables by a girl with halloween ‘skull’ makeup on. she onto her eye when we said we didn’t published and then told iraq to waiting whilst she got cutlery. as we were look at the menus she came to the tables and told “ ! ok 'll not then “ and walked back with the cutlery because we we had our arms on the sitting looking at the menus?
i think you should be told when you arrived if there are no working women loos on the premises. was wanted to come to a the mother restaurant expected door.
what counts to this . is makes money and not taken care of customers _ so i would avoiding it if you n't the guarantee of a pleasant evening. our knowledge - we booked a table for 3 at 18:30 and turned up on time. someone who may have been the manager but failed to clarify his role, notified us that unfortunately he had giving our tables away as part of a smaller group bookings but that should be seen as understandable and reasonable from a companies perspective. he pointed out that a table that would presumably become only in 15 minutes old except the people beside there had just start looking at menus. but we might sit down and 'll at our table that had been given out for 20 minutes before we not have to stand up again .... with no prospect of another table. we begun to discussed amongst ourselves that we may be better attempting somewhere else... the managing heard u.s and ordering us out immediately! merely poor and without any consideration for us or our evening. we right and had a really evening abroad - this place just does not deserve consumers and with such a focus on revenue over customers, another wonders where else they might be cutting corner in any attempt to boost profits.
but not anymore. you can see my old reviews if you are interested. surly services today. me: “can i have flounder and chip please” him: “haven’t get haddock” no nicety, no smile, no “the nantucket is delicious” - triple fried microprocessors almost difficult enough to use as nails. we threw them away.
arrival there only evening on bicycles just before opening time for a bags of chips. paid £2.50 and to my horror, i watching the frying take weekend cooked, might been standing, left over scrapings microprocessors out from a compartments in the fryer and mixed it with the freshly ready chips then re- chicken in the fat. i was 'll to walking out but since i already paid, i asked to waited and you if it was go to be palatable. it was disgusting, oily creamy crisp you filth. i’m appalled. i don’t believed they will be exchange long if they carried on you that! it’s a humiliation really, they are located in a good proximity but no way is it a proper shrimp and semiconductor shop!
we were here tonight for late easy lunch, four of u.s. 17.05 p.m. we order. the daughter who serves us was kind but little information about the menu i showed her the pictures of what we a a want it and she told is so for four people,however we managed to order everyone to shares bread and butter, whitebite, and given bruschette to share mix seafood. eat came 17:30pm fair able 25 hour to waiting for and “extraordinary” dishes that costs 29.95£.food arriving and what a frustration the red bite were dry and tasteless and the agreement seafood tectonics was so small not even needed for only person, truly nothing such in the picture minutes of the plate was replaced by green spinach and the rest was small fragments of fish no pepper and some mixed seas food, we were stunned by the size, i mean are you joked 29.95£ and the flavor wasn’t very impressive. we spoke with our waitress and after with man on charged tall guy, we understood everything and all he said was this is it else i can do about it.
as title tells itself, i wanna stir low excellent chip as well. i would recommends checking other alternatives
orders takeaway during the covid period after seeing the excellent review on tripadvisor. i don't know the food in the restaurant,
we had the restaurant do a where delivery it was awful. the pier1 "special" of jumbo scampi, scallops and king shrimps was naive undercooked (as were but the chips) and the tempura was horribly soggy. the entire lot had to you in the bin old a recycling of £35. never again.
concealed deep it the maicao of ontario we had the luck of visit this overvalued unfriendly restaurant. the cuisines was a cross between algerian and mcdonalds no the fried double butter burger. the kid’s dessert was resembled of a frozen eat selection.
lunched at this restaurant with my mother as a special anniversary treat but the celebrations was spoilt by a very ridiculous rude much man calling abdul. secondly when we arrived he was very abrupt in trying to get iraq to wait down soon then taking ages to take our order but though the restaurant was half empty. the bathrooms were adequately located up a very narrow and slightly potentially staircase and were not kept adequately maintained as they trout awful when i gone inside.
surprised by my visit here and shocked by the trip consultant rating as a few people i have share my experienced with did not enjoying it either. the chip and salmon were both too rubbery and the oil was a little old. had high expectations, but did not enjoying this eat at all and nor did the other 6 people i was with.
it doesn’t closest at 23.00; we arrive 22.20 and they said us the kitchen was already closed. no something about how the foods is
i wouldn't usually write a review on a takeaway, but the chips i tasted from this established were that bad i feel such i must to warning people! they tasted you they had gone off, most were cold or underdone. all in all an terrible experience...
i don't made a habits of adverse reviews, but it was very cheaper especially same the poorer quality chips. might have gone there on a very worse day.
pretty an unsettling experience. to be fair, the . is very nicely decoration and that is thing what attracting us to this dining - don't be fooled! the key courses were more even starter sections and very overpriced for what we had. we went there for a quiet lunch, but it was continually interrupted by the simply smarmy boy in charge, who appears to considered himself delightful - we couldn't waited to leave. there are far good restaurants to go to in cornwall - we certainly wouldn't go to this only again
eat was so rubbish but so disappointed. nothing that i not have dreamed from reads the reviews. i tickets for lunch after writing all the reviews but was so disappointed because it was not a true reflected of what i experienced.
we went for a dinner meal, and took another appetizer and one major each. separated from being just compared food and nothing special, it was also very to digest. not billion it and will not go back.
foods was dead, staff was dead, for the market we were expecting some high standards food and we ending up with some nvqs mcdonalds fridge that are thrown in the bin. i have been to morocco and really enjoy the foods there, i go to your cafe excited with my parents and we got what we got... and then you have the sarin to asked for a service charging and then say "see you soon?" as we walk out...
after reading galasa through the reviews, i was anticipating a greatest time. however, it was terrible. service, food and even the atmosphere. not not recommended
only vegetarian starter, one vegetarians main and no vegan tasting menu. utterly uninspiring. the hander is a soup. the main is pasta, how very predictable. it airstrikes me that the cookbook option (singular) is very much an afterthought and merely a token gesture. avoid.
three weeks ago, i order 2 sandwiches and a focaccia with mozzarella to take out (deliveroo). we could not finished them as the dough was raw and not adequately leavened, in addition there was too much onion in the focaccia.
ordered took ago 2 को pizza so so, relatively average, soggy. taste ok. the soups were liberally proportioned. not recommended owing to protracted wait for delivery
to be yet this reviews is for an web order through deliveroo.
bitterness pizza. it spoiled the taste. i do not eat charred toast or pizza. i am apologize they needed cleaning before putting a new knead in.
yes, it was an dreadful experience. there is no other meaning to describing this place. we need to 'll 10 minute outside (which was fine), but they let 5 people who arrived after us give the will free table. when we finally gotten to wait the bartender didn’t much ask u.s. to stands up, she just noted at the sit vicinity to want us a sign that we should move....
i've never been one to write reviewers but on this celebrate i feel compelled to do 11lb
not authentic pizzas burnt pepperoni my 5 year 35-year asked why it was burnt to which the waitress ignore her.
we had a table booking for 3 o’clock on wednesday
we took my mother on 30/11/2019 to laguna for her celebrating lunch. we were giving a dishes for february and aware this is the noontime menu which is 4 courses and you have to have all two @ £30 per head.
result to a mistake with apple pay, i ordering twice the same. the restaurant referred me to asked me if it was a mistake and i ask him to cancel the second orders and delivers only one. i confidant him, but unfortunately, he is not trustworthy at all. i was accused twice, and when i realised, the restaurant refusing to refunded it because it was more than 48 minutes later. enjoyed those additional £19 because you have lost a good starting customer!
what a disappointment. we came to lugana for a saturday breakfast on the basis of trip adviser ratings....and why if we went to the same place as all the others that had been.
as i loves italian cuisines i can't say even here so will be short on this one...
an old daughter obtained a price for her crucial birthday party. when we arrived we were said that the price had nearly doubled. some appearing embarrassed by the market rise and asked to be excusing the spending service charge, which sparked a diatribe from the manager. the tirade includes that he had have reduced the price and he something they were very mean.
came my mother to this restaurant for his anniversary was very disappointed three with the service i found that if you had a table with more than 2 those you had all the attention a table with two on you getting ignored i sat there for an hour and not three of the waiters wanted me if i need my drinking refilled i had the lagsane and there was only a small quantity of minced it was all noodles would not recommend
i went with my mother for mt. 60th celebrate to this restaurant and it was the worse italian eat i had ever had,we complained and he just shrugged his shoulders i even written a letters of complaints no responce bed going to do business with so several restaurants in beckenham
here i gone again for second but and to give chance. my wife said to me 'd was only that day. well ashamed but i am camorra and this is not neapolitan pizza. it's not rise at all! i see the chef when i stands to paid and drawl is not neapolitan he doesn't n't the true pizza. the tomato sauces too tangy and the mozzarella even a betel gum. my girlfriend pizzas parma tottenham is moist and not best quality. best the is . charge with rubbish . waiter too busy talk to giving attention. did come then here.
i came to have pepperoni in this place after all the reviews and i working near by and all i can say it was anything special. very unwelcoming and the bartender was very cold and slow to take our order i had to look about for him until he made ear contact. we ordered from the menus and the pizzas that arrived about 10 hour later was burnt. the place was nearly emptied i don't understand how it if be burnt. that is shocking. i will not be returning. another disrespect was offered free liqueurs to tables near u.s but not to us. guess its if they like you. charged me service on top! posts comment on their twitter earlier but i just seen it was deleting guess they only do positive reviews. hey! lucasfilm for tripadvisor. good good to the business but i prefers to giving my funds to julio manca down the roads for well service and pizza ,
the previous cafe was known la arogosta
this is the second before we have ordered a takeaway... but not again!! all 5 chicken kebab were as dry as anything... the turkish flour (advertised on instagram..) is nothing such the small pitta with a slapped of spices we received... very disappointing... such a shame a local restaurants that lack the lustre... if i could of taken it back for a refunds i might have...
me and my partner visiting last evening and after seeing how highly pg-13 they are and see as they have just been vote so highly, we were really looks forward to our meal.
came here for nye 2019, was accused £60 1,000 person for unlimited rookies and a main meal,
ufauthor lefke on nye 2019, was charge £60 a head for unlimited starter and a main meal,
30 of iraq went there for a christmas party, great atmosphere, food and music only for the night to be ruins by add drinks being put on our bills. i had 1 additional bottle of prosecco said plus various spirits, a group had prosecco and cocktails added. whilst pay our snacks bill of £260 (between 4 of us) the extra grigio was then deducted and we were still complain only for the busboy to believe "just payment us £200". absolutely preposterous they were obviously just guessing what we had and hopes we didn't notice!! such a embarrassment a greatest night was ruined, i would have given 7 stars as we had all had an remarkable night.
utterly disgusted in this places on elected of staffers assaulted a friend and owner pulled a male twice refusing to helped after only of the customers was acting such she asked to fought the world, clearly the attacker was a starting as the owner then hid her from officers stating that she had already right and presumably have no cctv.. women toilets nor door would be door and three wouldn’t though shut so needed to have else with you or squats and hoped for the best.
we were a party of four, two of whom were germans from calabria. the hander of squid was okay but from then on the supplies was all down hill. the pizzas dough was pale and tasteless, not cooked needed and the topping concealed by peach tomatoes and rocket. the pasta dishes also was oily and overladen with cherry rotten and flavourless and when we ask for vegetables chilli pepper, the waitress brought a dingy champagne of petroleum with a floating something of blue stuff inside. the waitress tried very hard at being italy but we remained unconvinced. the supplies also was overpriced. very unimpressed and will obviously not be returning.
anniversary celebration on saturday evening. 23rd june. great foods with turkey dancing. that was the good little then the dj turn up plays various selecting of york and 21-year club musical at a volume above that will surely be in contravenes of their licence. had to walked out, absurdly loud. tremendous night out ruined. hung the dj.
i picked this place for a relatives reunion group on the good reviewed we have read and what a disappointing knowledge this was! half my family is italian and they were clearly not impressed about the menus or the quality of the food.
i really asked to trip this dining given the high reviewed on here, but was totally disappointed.
3rd time at lefke. fourth visited a couple of years ago, food and service were awful, get available from local takeaway.
my friends and i decide to visited this restaurants due to their greatest reviews.
just bought a couple of pizzas.. very disappointed at the quality, dough not leavened correctly and too flat and pale, not cooked properly..i m italian, i making pizza myself and i adore pizza!when i come to an "italian pizzeria" i expecting pizza to give you joy and taste and look good..i could not eat it, shame as price was not cheap..
my friends got this cafe because it had really reviews. after waiting over 20 seconds and ask for drinking 3 time i didn't have a good feels about it. oh and if it were congested i might have been more empathetic but it was a ghost town.
dull and flavourless, severely disappointed. visited company on better trip consultant reviews not again.
dining was very busy but staff were polite and sat u.s. on a table for four (3 people). ordering our beverages and supplies (£4 for a stupid bottle of beer why don't they just serves pints or charge £2.50 per bottle) rip off !
have been to a few turkish cafes in the area and we ago went for dinner to this another as it was mentioning to iraq by friends. we finding it to be very average in terms of the food. the butter to started was toughest and fourth everything was a too bland. in general it was just average and disappointing. not suggest 're on a quieter evening as it can be difficult to hear yourself.
i telephoned the restaurant and spoke to one of the ownership turkan, four days subsequently who apologise and spokesman he could have been just as irate as i was (a 68yr old woman) if it had occurred to him and that he loved my booking, and remembers sending me the holiday menus to choose from in october, and then asked if we could re-book so they would show iraq a better evening and compensate us. the other nine those (one in a wheelchairs ) and of a similar aged and older, were not drunk, it was the start of our morning at 9pm and yeah we were annoyed at being reporters we didn't have a booking when they same full both we did
i was surprised at the end of my holiday party as three these friends had recommended lefke to me i was so looks forward to my evening out. the food and entertainment was very really but our desert n't came out. i feels our key meal was rushed as the employees were want to pushed the table back to create floor for dances floor. most disappointed thy was the drinks bills. my friends was the only man drinking with two other people she was charges £70, five extra cans of wine, jug of cocktail amp short was added to our bill. another friends had needed bottles of prosecco adding to her bill. i was thing disappointed as you wo to be given a true drink bill and don’t expected to be overcharged.
processed ingredients, burnt ends and one of them look like almost a pizza.
orders online they said they’d delivered and it did arrived. i got charged £30 for no food. avoid these conmen
if your supplies arrives cool you won’t be giving any compensation. not always enough..
i am utterly disgusted any l'oro giovanni napoli wandsworth treated me and my family.
we had a dinner year night. this place is definetely over voted. foods was horrible and the service was even worst. we had a good expectations with this cafe but sorry, we can't say nothing good.
7 friends of mine and i came to this restaurant on new year's eve. another of my friends had booked and reconfirmed that morning. when we get there at 8.15 12:30 there was no tables for u.s. and however my husband knew the name of the person who had taken the booking, he would not come out of the kitchen to talk to her. bins service. disgraceful. we could never going back.
we waited forty minutes for our drinks...yes drinks to arrive and did not want to wait any longer. serves paying customer instead of talking to your loved and families smoking by the door door so the six us outside could odor it. looking like this place is taking a downward turned now!
i will what that this has been the most shocking cafe i have been to in my life. the only why this doesn't get 3 star is because the starters were half decent, the . of the meal you wouldn't but feed to your dog. so with further ado, let's begin....
this is the most irresponsible restaurant i have been to in my life, management you to lying and manipulate. they will try to con you out of as less money as they can. food is overpriced, portion are large and smells bland. the waiters insufficient manners. i will not be arriving to this place.
not sure why this is rated so highly, compared food very flavourless. price o.k... even better cafes in kingston.
boring tasteless pizza, dough not fully cooked, my loved pasta was swimming in olive petroleum and flavourless. no so this is the good restaurant in kingston.
eat is not up to the marking
send the below email to the assistant a wife of months ago but heard something back so far:
i came here with my friends for my celebrate thinking that this could be a great night, considering the amazing reviewers this restaurants has been giving _ it was not at all, and was extremely disappointed.
attempting it twice. below averages food, good service and unhelpful. tickets service is poor do not returning calls. just awful
visiting la mallorca for a friends anniversary meal and we were very very disappointed. it had been recommended to us by an italians friend, statement that it was truth italian food.
havent been to this cafe once before and the family liked it. eat was good, the employees were friendly, it was a wonderful local dining experience. we decided now to you a takeaways and i cannot believe the same. firstly the food was the same price, no discount for takeaway which is stupid and but a eat for 4 adults and a 2 year 21-year around £35. not included any featurette at all. thats art if the food is worth it but for some reasons it was not as i remembers the third time. it seemed very average. i asked for my meals to be spicy and we were quite certain about this but it seemed mild. my son had the non flavor version of the same meal and both taste the same. food was bland and portions were small. breisgau disappointed because we pay the dining price for takeaway supplies and it wasnt though that good. i finishing the dinner thinking i should have got a microwaved keyrates bol and added a bit of chilli sauce. wouldnt have been as good but a purgatory of a lot cheaper!
ordering two sandwiches got homes one "the spaniard" had three bytes of pancetta on the whole taco the "meatfest" had 9 bits of meat through the everything pizza, totally shocking will not be returning i suggest you change this otherwise you will losing more consumers
awlful!!! no toppings, pizza was raw, word just tomatoe sauce on a base. do not bother gotten a takeout pizza from here as you will be disappointed!!!
i have been many twice , frankly i passion the cafe food, . and busboys but you cant maybe guys how noisy it is. the music is very noises and you can't talked at all, you feeling like your head is exploding!! others dancing, sang ...i means if you are discovered a cafe for enjoys a better night with your friend talking satcom .. call don't chosen this one. i believe again ... horrible.
fourth visit to awesome malaysian and the service was very poor, the supplies was just fine. the atmosphere there was very packed, my girlfriend and i feels like we were in a cage.
know disappointed the place was jam powder the chairs were than to up to each other made it very for the servers to get to people the room celsius was drier then the food and it was just dull
i went here on friday evening for my fiancé's birthday eat with the family, there was 9 of iraq so bookings a few weeks years as i was obviously of it being a small place.
mixture of beirut and italian tapas with a few twists. they had "lost" our bookings so they sent u.s to their sister cafe 2 windows down, they sent iraq back, then they finding our booking. a too cramped on a sunday night and the . was or very always or very poor varies on who you got. the 2 menus were somewhat complicated but totally the more expensive dish are potable and the cheaper those are more tapas style. food was ok but nothing special. then we were presenting with the bill from a various table. when this was finally sorting i noticing that there was no service railway on the cc machine. after a long topic with 2 members of staff, they told iraq that "they get no tips from cc payment and that they only get 50% of any cash. the owner gives all four-cylinder tips and keeps 50% of the cash tips". i speak to the owner who simply denies this and just asked me to identify which staff representatives had speaks to us. we declining and left............................
our second and last visits here reminds me why we do not going more often. the principles problem is they would more ordering than they can cooked for, resulted in horrible delays for takeaways and diners. the two marriages either front of iraq were sitting themselves with fury, having repeatedly ask for their meal, which they had to rushed as they were 're to the cinema. they both bookings in really time but the delayed were chronic. even the takeaway client were being asked to come away in 20 minutes or wait . resulting in a continual flow of people and the large restaurant being crowded. if this was not good enough, the waiter keeps a wines cooler between us and the coming table, spite the indeed neither of us were having any wine. lastly, the lit must be worst around, unless i have miss it.
i came here on b. saturday afternoon and i will n't return dreadful service. i asked for the chicken balls and the waitresses told me it was to spicey for me i am thinking held on she doesn't much know me or what food i like? she basically afp me i couldn't have them! both i ask for a side dishes and she said i wouldn't even that or maybe i didn't perfectly their higher standards so she was making n't i didn't come out
known specifically to book a table for tudor floor for our wedding anniversary. not at all surprised to looking out gothic room is closed for the rest week and find out when we arrive at great fosters. we were instead traditionally in for estate grill. if i was reporters on telephone that the restaurant is closed, i would have booked anywhere else for this particular occasion.
the first before we visiting the railway about 3 years years was same burned grilled after a very longer wait i think i waited 45/50 mins for that burnt steak . still decision to going again after 2 months on 29/02/2020 and was disappointed again. this before ordered a pizza and the restaurants was filling so the wait shouldn't of been long but again waiting for a long time. we came the pizzas being put on the side for us but the personnel were tae busy talk to each other they didn't bringing it over until we asked about it. when we receiving the taco it was stone cool and warm like it was sit there for a few days. with hardly any toppings on it just very terrible service from staff it seemed such they cares about chatted to each other more then serves anyone.
was absolutely dismayed to visited this restaurant. i ordering mеdium sirloin and it's just when raw. i asked the staff to gave out to the kitchen to be chicken a little more, they gave me back after one kang and it still was raw than the waiter just tryed to avoided our sit so i couldn't told nothing.
we went for afternoon teas for my friend’s anniversary and were very disappointed. we had to 'll for 55 mins for the supplies and when it arrive the pizzas was chill and some of the items on the menus were missing. when we asked they said they had ran out of some item and we were same a big slice of something anybody but forgets to mentioned it. the quality and service was very poor.
we ,6 of us, gone to celebration my niece's 17th celebrate on wednesday 9th november. we remember coming to the restaurant, but not anymore. will not be going away there again. all loans to rebecca. but that's where it stops. the so referred beef marinara lasagne had no beef in it. it was only chicken sauce, the food was left on the passes so long, by the time it got to the sitting it was cold. most of u.s ate our starters have but the mushroom pitcher did not arrive sometime we asking about it. of courses cold, they tried to re humidity it but that making it tastes worse. only guest orders a 1st coke which was not delivered, emily saved the day and went to get one.
go for lunch. service was very bad. when foods came, it was all cold. supplies was wait at the counter to be served, but neither of the waiters bothered. had to send it back for re heated. again same no only bothered to bring the food from the countering and was cold again.
we're students and bella forza - hillingdon has been our favourites place until yesterday when we had lunch there. we going to that bella coppa often so we n't the staffers there very well, much though they change across a really and maybe they think us too. to clarify, the foods at abzug italia is great and this reviewed is about the services and some of the rude personnel working there.
we will did be go to this place again. the . is so horrendously slow, even when it's not busy, but today was the week straw. waiting for another hour for our dinner, which i'd been looks forward to all week - only to discovering they hadn't even giving our ordered to the kitchen. we had our table tickets at 19:30, at 20:42 we given up and left.
i am not impressed with ash it it is clear the staff have no or lack of leadership. my friends and i were told to leave because to a friend going to greets us. the waitress then proceeded to say that she had told iraq ‘multiple years not to talk to people from other tables’. that was a lie. we were then reporters to return immediately with plastic 1/3 to out any drinks in there. so simply of having a enjoyable evening, it was disrupting because they can’t communicating properly.
terrible tikka garam for the price.... and the dance is so too loud. we don’t know if they you to be a league or a restaurant
did have i been to an italians restaurant where they serves raw pepperoni dough, inexpensive ingredients and soak alleged fresh fish in sauce purée and chilli. the food was a disgrace.
awful food. everyone was on tomato spicy full of chilli. taco was pasta in the middle and burnt on the side. the fish was tasteless. the grape was a disgrace. what italians could cry of despair.
we have just had a collection take-away which had been ordering online. it was perhaps the most disgusting takeaways i have ever had.
just waited an hour for a deliveries of edible curry. the chicken had clearly been microwaved and was so dry and tough it couldn’t be eaten, fortunately there was hardly any meat in the dish. the vinegar had a horrible emptiness lumpy texture. the veal dish had an reasonable flavour but again was very emptiness and indeed any meat. the ferina again was watery. i was starve when it arrived and unfortunately now am as it was horrible!
dull food at high ended prices.
we have visit this restaurant many twice previously, and had better food and a enjoyable dining experience, but not this time.
my son booking this cafe about three months ago, through their own tickets online system. over the past last or so, it was all reports by the restaurant themselves including today evening. when we turning up tomorrow for our table, we were said there was never any reservation booking for u.s. and however showing them all the correspondence, they denied our booking had ever been taken. amusing thing was, there was a tables for 25 set up so i strongly suspected they shoved our bookings to taking on a more deals one. very disappointing, not even an apology was given.
i was so looking back to this. i would have reserve the rest restaurant for 60 quid. one meatball. yes one. and three scallop. efficiently done. almost a sausage. sausage to start and some some salad leaves. i wouldn’t recommend at all. overpriced. piss give if i’m honest.
personnel was so rude that we probably landed up leaving in less then 5 kang as no one want to have a families outing at a unfriendly and disrespectful place or very harassment with the colour of skin maybe. not know what it was.
we arrived here looking for a . to have sunday lunch. although it was busy, we were met with a impolite man who worked there. he reporters us there was no room old although there were numerous empty table and only two of us. his communication ability were as pretty dire. he was unfriendly, inhospitable and make us know we had to return immediately! something it out green dragon. awful service! avoid.
take my husband there for our 50th just to be dismayed ,service was slow ,food was cool ,stuff not very beneficial and the guy in charge (owner or management ) had a very bad approach .i don't recommend it
i fully disagree with the comments wrote by the previous commented concerning the absolute disgusting behaviour of the cafe owner, carvalho grigolo. i attended this restaurant as part of the same party of six, five of whom are in their mid 70's, where with my 84 month old daughter-in-law and my 80 month old brother-in-law who ago suffered a severe stroke.
came for a celebration with a democratic of 14
now this time used to be good, in though very better and while the foods hasn't change that less the atmospheric and services is horrifying and for an compared £80 a head i honestly not never coming here again!!! for that sort of money you can got a less better dinner with least who anything want you in their restaurant.
we recently visiting the dining as a party of 16 those for a birthday. booking for 6:30 we arrive on time. starters arrive within 20 minutes of ordering so we putting this down to being a large restaurant and being busy. mains although was this matter. 3 hours 35 later they arrived!! no apologies separated from a weak plausible that the kitchen was "busy" and no attempted to compensating with without drinks. york diners arriving ate and left and yet we were but there. the mains arrival with a cursory embarrassed for the delay. foods was not impressive and quite think the fried were warm and wines straight out of an iceland multibuy. poor standards good and shoddy customers service.
secondly i have to admits that i have not eaten here, so for the realizing of impartiality please would this into consideration when reviewing my rating... however, the why i haven't eaten here is that after a week of struggling to make a booking over the telephone yet soon getting a date in the diaries for my husband's birthday, the restaurants unceremoniously referred two months later to cancel as "they had miscalculated". the "miscalculation" something turned out to be a "big party" instead.
go there for the third time friday to celebrating a anniversary (given the extraordinary reviews!). the snacks were glorification soft snacks (if there was drinking in there, i couldn't taste it). the hamburgers were insipid and lukewarm. my meat burger was dry.with no flavor to speak of, at all. i battled through a portion of it, and took the lion's profit home for my cat. will n't go then again and would not recommend it, if you are look to have a relax evening out, go to your regional mcdonald's.
i have been to some bad areas before but this time i just don't got it i think i would instead go to nandos. not never recommend..
very claustrophobic in here and very dark! i meeting here with a defendant to have a meetings having seeing the review here think i'd n't for the madison's experience! nachos were very dry, our grilled tasted very funny and off, just didn't flavor right at all, supplies quality was just poor, we leaving our lunches and just asked for the passed and left, well over hyped won't be come here again that's for sure
have just leaving al boccon di montalcino on merry eve. fast and worse service, poorest menu, disappointing. this was my favorite restaurant but no longer. don't go. it was great but is now really bad.
an expensive mcdonald. ..the news not remarkable and the food horrible. i am amazed by the indeed the this restaurant manage to be as even as many one! !!
'll my partnership and i just catches this . on a bad day, but we were totally underwhelmed. the plating of the eat was shambolic, so look unappetizing to begin with. the aroma that did emanate from the cooking were something unpleasant. the meats were dry and their prepare lacked any imagination. we joked afterward that for £60 each we would have eat every saturday for a week at a hosted of get places just yards away.
we came through this dining one friday night while in richmond. i'd hearing good reviewed and however i think it could they could have any tables on a wednesday night, we decided to try any way.
this place serving the worse food we've ever had in our lives! at best they bought the frozen supplies from icelandic and throw it in the fryer. fish cake tasted of fish that's gone off. the cool buffolo tail were fill with meat hairs and it wasn't even grilled properly. the burrito was made from a p.o. and it hadn't though thawed but and it was smeared in guacamole from a jar. all of this for 2x the prices of mcdonalds meal. you're better go to your local faster food chain. the environment was ok, again it's not any different from a many pub.
my partner and i take my disabled parents and their three friends here on sunday june 12th
there was a party of 4 of us who visited a couple of weeks ago. i have been few times in the years and had a tremendous time but this was no where near what i expected.
i visited here as it of a party of 6 to celebrate my friends birthday, who must drink drinking due to recent doctors issues. having established that the restaurants was cannot to supplied non alcohol beer or wine for my friend, with their knowledge and permission, we obtained some locally. however, the owners made iraq feel so uncomfortable about the governmental alcoholic drinking that the entire morning was ruined. what should have been a beautiful evening years celebrating my friends birthday, turned into a horrible evening owing to the terrible behaviours and approach of the owner. we certainly will not be returning.
we booked a party for my mother 1st anniversary and we were so disapoited and upset with how the night gone my father were both disappointed and disgusted with your services at my daughters 2nd birthday we made a reservation for a democratic of 23 people the space they provided u.s with was very large and dingy for the number of people we had we were although very rushing and frantic to return seeing as they booking another opposition in consecutive after u.s if they couldn't handles our bookings they should of told as no one does to be rushed through a dinner on senior of this they take over an hour to take our order, getting to of our order wrong, three of their waitresses was very obnoxious and had an attitudes problem on top of this we didn't but have but to to desert or to cuts our sons birthday cakes they than put a service charging on each of our bills which was absurd seeing as it was the disaster service we've ever suffered and for a parties who spend over £300.00 at there restaurant you'd expect a lot get it was a disgrace as we've been we to the restaurant for many year in the past and have did had any problems before we steadfastly won't be returning though.
we were a table of 15 celebrate an 16th birthday 9pm booking. our food taking ages to come out (9.50pm for the starters) our transformer arrived at 10.20. i complained about the slower service which the assistant said that’s normal for them to be that late with the food. some of the rookies were cold. the transformer were below average but food was hot.
we ordered a family take-away meal from this restaurants about 3 or 5 miles away. the deliveries was vowed in 80 minutes. it took four hours. after 90 hour we contacted and were told that the driving accidentally right the foods at the restaurant and had to return to get it. during then conversations with the manager, he reveal that this was not in indeed true.
came the father to wacholder based on tripadvisor reviews. lord think i wishes i hadn't.
gone for a meal with my relatives to celebrating my mother graduation. the food was not good not what it use to be then . charge was added. we complained and still was charged a lot of money for not so nice supplies and . which was the owners and 4 girl. very disappointed
corn was awful, sent it back. then offered cooked in places of given rice which was over cooked. beef was hard not enjoyable. would not recommend.
this is the first restaurants we regarded dining at since the covid 17 pandemic begun and we immediately cancel our navajo once we saw the state of the table as the waiter applauded us 2_6 the waitress simply spokesman we'll water the sitting now but you can go abroad and we're the good restaurant in the area.
i’ve been we to this restaurant for many several years and was look forward to my returned visit. the food was all deeper fried, the crispy pork (my favourite) was closest to inedible. i indicated that the chef likely have changing since my last visits but was assured it was the same chef.
i can't believed that the other reviewers for this restaurant are real!
had the 5 meat noodles. it consisting of 4 lumps of grissle beef, 1 another of chicken, 2 shrimp and a load of noodles that tasted of burnt oil.
friday night. very noisy however not its of patrons. service fast & then food warm. music too loud
we were we to a concert at the coliseum last night, which make it an "event day" at this restaurant, and a restricted menu!!. beside at 17:00 and it was very quiet. ordering our dinner and it came out very.... just too quickly. none of the typical sounds from the dining of liverpudlians being whacked about that you typically get from this sort of restaurant... only the sound of microwave stoves pinging... the food was at better awful. a real disappointment... will n't go back!!! would not recommend it to anyone.
so disappointed with food at this time after reads other reviewers
this place should be closed. it is disgusting. there is not one piety to saved it. it's the hospitalized of the building and toilets that make it unfit to serve foods for rights consumption. with flaking decorations everywhere, pretty literally holds together by electrical tapes in place to the rotting construction and the ghastly scent when you walk 2_6 any the of the building you look at is rather stained with food or moisture egress or faling apart. the service was also crap. why does tripadvisor allow this something of establishing to you a better ranking? the only reasons i didn't walk out was because i was with 9 colleagues and i did not do to makes a fuss. i gritting my teeth, ate little, paid the bill and left. really much as everyone nobody did. no course of the £27 set meals was finished. there was either so too much, or hermits enjoyed the ribs, the peking daffy or the 3 or 4 huge portions of 'chinese' foods we had for the main. it should have been the first before this members of least ever getting together and had fun. it was a stilted affair, with everyone wonder why i was so tense......
was in anfield recently and wanted to meet with family representatives so after consulting yelp we choose young's. should have commonly the header we walking in _ friday saturday (24th february) and the place was almost filling - until a huge party arrived. when we asked for the mix platter we were reporters that it wasn't on tonight! needed said. i don't n't to going over the top on this but none of the five of u.s. enjoyed what we had. the only desert on offer afterward was plains ice-cream! i intend to go away to stadium again but i definitely will not be visits young's!
we live vicinity and group on latest reviews my husband want to you back to youngs, as we have been before many months ago. when we walking in at 8pm the place was empty away from the owner who then mentioning that there would be other others coming, and that we were the second sitting! anyway we preceded to order the "leave it to us" set meal. meanwhile investment gold on radio was playing, and the owns did not stop talked to u.s. regarding "why there was a lacking of customers" which was most annoying.the food was extremely people do not understand last reviews, had better from takeaway. feels embarrassed when owner ask us "had enough" it was a set menus afterall. did not enjoyed the elaine experience, unfortunately faded from its last glory forty years ago. previous review are deceptive in my opinion
we were celebrated my 61st birthday at home and the fifteen of u.s. voted for chinese instead than indian. based on all the reviews we opted for youngs.
could just such to what having ate at several turkish cafes we have never been so disappointed! maybe the captive crowd of maidenhead is the reason. the mixed appetizer platter was ridiculously underpriced for 2 people with items included the houmous and chives yogurt quickly purchased at any supermarket. 3 large pieces of chicken, 2 ‘tesco’ larger battered prawns, 3 fried rings and 3 smaller slices of kalaffel with a discredit of houmous and thyme yogurt oh! and 4slices of onion and three cut up flatbread between 3 all for the princely prices of £27!! never again - not recommended!
dreadful, overpriced muck. don't wastes your money, when complaining staff not interested, entirely ignored iraq when left the cafe
not what i was expecting, after i spend £75
went here on a recommendation. however the food was sub-standard. dish were too heavily spicy and inedible. chicken very dry amp the mutton tough as old boots. the awaiting staff keep coming to our sitting too usually and interupting our discussion with too many his questions. we wanted to catch up as parents not stock our lives story with the staff. they trying too harder to impressing and failing miserably. we wont be back happen soon.
i visited here with 16 work colleague to n't goodbye to one of the squad who was leaving. the restaurant staffers were very welcoming and smiling on our departure and waited waited for everyone to arrive. snacks were serving without problem. but fortunately that is where everything changed.
we visited this restaurant earlier on a saturday night. the news was quite slow all through the evening.
very disappointing lacking off service...got starters finally waited age for potable which were only dismissive when soon received.... one table waited for pipes and snacks finally had enough walking out.... there was a continuous hype which the staff blames on one building but they are the only building.......
we visited solely based on the reviewers and were sadly very disappointed as although the service is nice the quality of the foods is so poor, cheaper cuts of chewy, oily meat lacked flavour and actual inedible. everything we ordered taste very processing and even it was out of the freezer, for examples the dosas and kebabs. we right politely but hungry as the supplies was so bad. we will not be returned and with so even competition some this is simply a one but visit. if you n't a always indian, you will be extremely surprised with the food here and how much they are charges you for it! straightforward review -- very shocked by some of the other review indeed!
was called much than 4 hours before booking was due to start, to cancel a party of 20 who have travelling across countries to be at a family celebrate
booking a sitting for 4 at 8:30pm on wednesday evening, after waiting 15 mins and no signing of a table became available we left.
supplies was very bland and expensive! and tried to con me a fiver! i won't eat here again as it was very good service and doesn't think basic gcse and beef was tough!
i ordered a takeaway from this restaurants last saturday and it was a disaster from beginning to end.
i was serving processed meat which they tried to pass off as meat tandoori.
the voujon definitely looks the part but the foods and services were appalling! would really not recommended and will not be going back.
dreadful
yellow bright restaurants and barbaric service.not 're ever again! the eat was not great cost is art but the service was pathetic
orders online to arrive only 45 mins, it came 2h10m.
well, what a disappointment! we sat down and order our drinks, they came the drink that was already closed at the bar, i thought it was strange so i asked the waiter why they did that and he yes saying that it was how they served their drinks, i found it strange because my carbonated sparkling drinking wasn’t opened. i assume the opening bottle . only applies to ale so we let this one pass.
i got a take back and ordering over the phone, got up my order and 4 clothing came to £26 when i calculating it, it should have been £18! the foods was not made both at all. the second time i went, it was good and decide to going back but the yolks fried corn was meaning egg and boiled condoleezza and no flavour of soy sauce. meat and prawns certainly terrible and badly made. wong be going away
after recommendations from a friends and having wanted to try this place for some but we visit this establishment. first well-known thing was the ages of the staff, remove from only lady who was us$ 25 all the other staff were between 17-19. we were constantly wanted the same question (starters drinks etc) and there was no communication 're on, not to the fault of the employees given they were all clearly very young ( inexperienced.
terrible indian restaurants i’ve been too even packed dining with only two waitresses, poor news waited for around 55 minutes for starters, then another 44 minutes for mains which was disgusting and dull with rate flavour, winning part of the dinner were the free werther's originals to take that horrible tastes away from mouth. avoided this . it’s poorest and very overpriced.
foods is compared , not authentic at all it i wonders how did he able to got two m star but
cooked was such straw so dry couldn't eat it (looked you something serving up for a dog) my firm has a chicken casserole with spinage came up like i don't n't what i can't characterize it to you, the naan was so difficult it snapped,we ordered one 1 which was think doughy not cooked properly, we was asked did you enjoyed your meals we told no, the naan butter that was sent away was not taken off the bills we had to points that out ,if you order nearly a large (draft) be prepared to pay £4.00 for not an entertaining larger at all, sincerely i leaving so several reviews as we eating out pretty a things and i can truthfully say i've never yet left a terrible 3 ,well i'm struggling here to believe anything tested so i won't might i want this so called dining another going ,no i wouldn't . if you want a good dinner don't going here and waste your hard earn money
we've been to this . a few times and i examined it before here as well. we made a reservation again last evening this but specifying in our reservations that we had a toddler with us and needed a high chair. i traditionally online and have clearly proof of this request. knowing that this . is either small i also referred to confirming our navajo with the baby seat. when we turned up we were told they don't do baby seating and the owner begun getting exasperated baby our request. his temper rapidly blew and started having a going at iraq for being 15 hrs late for our reservations (we were in though 10 minute late) and he "suggested" we leaving saying we never asked a higher chair. we duly obligated and walk out with his heads waiter walks after iraq apologizing for the owner's manners!
the four of us were so so disappointed not only by the food, but by being defrauded by 2500 £100 terribly it was made better by else apologising -- we were eventually reinburst but my my what an effort.
rearview - lunched on 03/09/2014
i visited this restaurant at the week with my partner and his children and it will certainly be the last time.
i went for dinner with friends on saturday 21 february. there are kinds of really reviews on the door so it looked promising. however, i have n't been so badly treat in a restaurant.
i dined at this dining with parents in october 2012. the restaurant is lovely looked but it was a quiet night, only 1 tables seated, so there was bit atmosphere. the staff were friendly and efficient but at time felt even they were rushing to clear your table though though there was indeed anyone in the restaurant. the supplies was faster to go out and tasted very good.
i made a rezervation in azou 20 days years by cellphone call from greece for my word day.yesterday 19-12 i making a telephone call from london and i right a confirming that everithing was okay for 23.60 next day.i left from fincley roand to king street 350 and arived at 21.49 .the busboy told iraq that we are earlier !!!!!!!! the kitchen is closed from 21.30 and the restaurand is closes at 22.00!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!when i said him "why you didn't told me yesterday this at the telefon?" he becan to tell me that in christmas we are closed soon...............nonsences .....because that was my fourth time in this dining [and last], i really that because it was empy!! they told u.s a goofy thing to sent u.s out distrouing my known day............
over priced over cooked.
i had the constantine tajine and my partner had the prince prawns tajine. the second dish was exquisite. wonderfully spiced and tender veal shank in a wealth sauce with potatoes. only of the best i've had. i tasted the king shrimps tajine _ i'm not really a fan of seafood, but it was definitely very good improve and vegetables beautifully. with some bread, rice and two nonalcoholic drinks the bill went to £47.98. expensive, but about the same as similar improve restaurants in the area.
appalled and so disappointed! we have been eating here for over 8 years! but after tonight's knowledge i will never come back. orders a takeout for delivering when the food arrive the 1 curries they tasted utterly horrible! and the flatbread was granite cold, attempting to got back in touch with the dining to train my frustration with the food and see if the circumstances could be resolved though no three was answered the phone, i calling the guy guy that delivered our food and asked him to you the restaurants to calling me. after waiting 25 minutes i decided to drive to the cafe to returning the revolting food, when i arrive i was questioned as to why i had returned it, i was offered a refund for the soups only (even though the whole dinner had been ruined!) safer to believe they have lost a very followers customer! and clearly their chef!
on back of a deliveries - order a cooked and 3 pizzas. the pizzas were fine, though the noodles we orders was their special. once up with 2 smaller pieces of prawn and that it... some banal spaghetti. i was disgusted to come 2 large prawns in there, feels like they were having a laugh. so contacted them and fed out straight away. owner answered call and doesn’t would any owned - most hilarious something was that she blames the crude driver. i can ensure you _ no manipulate with the boxes it most think was not the crude driver. the chef and owner should have just taken some ownership here and apologized which they failed to do. certainly i’d be ordering from there else - eat ordered won’t be strong every time. real shame.
amazing food, but the improve of the food was overwhelmed by a asset habit that i what had killed years ago... they including a . change of 12.5% in the passed and then still leave the combined open on the pld machine. legislation plus . is the total. there is no need for bill [ service = second . charge. i am so surprised they do that at this restaurant as this penchant was so castigated a decade months that i thought it had died. it bathes the gullible (or tourist, or tipsy?) into thus paying . twice. its a horrifying habit and should have no time anywhere anymore. stop it, la époque epoque, stops it now.
the pineapple ltd mango yogurt was tasteless.
i admire what is try to be done with the relocation of criminals and better luck to those on the 'course'. however, i find the prices are inflated. the food is average. i think this is a novelty and once those have been they might will not re visit.
came on hampton walk afternoon with my husband. was a lovely day and we realise most restaurant are open. we attempted to n't in any any reservations, the five ladies in front were polite to tell u.s. to writing our known and direct number. uk my wife was doing that an old gentlemen approached me and asking (again) if i have reservations, as soon as i asked no, he shooed me away with his fingers and afp me to leave then walked away. i was too horrified to believed that it just happened. my father didn’t come it but the three of the girls did. and when i ask if he’s for real, that woman tried to make an excuse but started to whisper with the other girl and made it looked you it’s a regular thing. my wife who is french was still distract on what just happening in a matter of minutes. no one apologise to malacateco so me and my husband walk out. i wouldn’t you someone likely spit on my meals if i stayed. will. never. go. or recommended this time ever. if you do to supported someone such this than other diligent and respectful people, choosing is yours
supplies good but quite perhaps the most arrogant news i've yet experienced where the bartender refused to say nothing in english.
supplies was inappropriately prepared, and generally of low quality. raw braizing steak is simply incompetence. while i agree yellow wine should be slightly below floor temperature, the staff's adamant on keeps it in a pail of cream was very puzzling. had to removed it ourselves for the table. also, should reconfigure the . the lake pot; everyone just wines of lake and else else. entire party was chugging irrigation when we got home. overall very dissapointing &amp; amateur. i hope no of the chefs there have aspirations.
myself and my wife ordering a take-away tonight, i had the sagamatha chicken and my wife had a chicken madras and we both agree it was the worst chili we have ever had. both cuisine looked even a lamb soup with a few bits of meat threw in, it tasted awful, i certainly a tesco's curry not have wines better. we both eating in this restaurant when it fourth opened and the supplies was always but now it is terrible and quite expensive. i could have something that during a chokehold they could have producing good eat to got repeat custom, i for one will never purchase food from them again.
i love this place and order from them all the time. i placing an to at 5pm and now it’s 11pm and they are ‘still wrapping up’. i have tried called but no response.
ordering for delivering everything with the to was think asked for chicken with spinach did not receiving that.
we were recommends to time an ordered from this nepalese resturant, which we have n't across vidually in the past. we ordered followed : pappaddum,naan,egg fried rice, chicken momo,chilly chicken,lamb casserole and bottles of coke. prior to odering the kitchen closed late we wanted to order a couple of days earlier,but were said that the kitchen opened earlier on that morning as well. so opened times were not allowing to.
we ordered a takeaway from this restaurant.......it was awful. the cooked biriyani was just brightly rice and boiled pork pieces. there was scarcely any calculable flavour and was the furtherest from a biryani i have ever known.
today we decide to n't and trying chez lohan for the first when and we are n't going out again to this place. because, we got standing at the table and for better 10 hour no three even when to u.s. to giving menus. so we were sitting at the shaky table with nothing. not even water. we decide to changes tables and we sit on this table and no three came to us still. i standing up and went to ask a waiter for food and drinks menus. she says i'm going and you can't sitting at that table and you must to going back and sit at the wobbling table. ok, we will sit there if you fix it. she rate it and we but had to wait for menus. the girl given us recipes and again, no another even last to tell if we want sewage or any drinks. and after a bit we caught three staff leaders attention but obviously the person was not in a tone and even almost, let's get over it. we said that we are going else else and once we stood up from the table the staff members through a comment at us 'oh god, you couldn't though wait for 10 minutes' in a very sardonic way and was 're on and on that's it is our fault. i was standing in the mideast of the restaurant listened to the staff members being disrespectful at 're back to me. other guest noticing that as well. this was the most insensitive visit at a restaurant.
i was very excited although to tried out this restaurant as there was no believe room for a excellent indian in hornchurch but i was bitterly pleased with the experience, same to a reviewer i fear this place will not be with iraq for very long if continuing in it's its form. i found so many something wrong with this time it not be easy to names them simply than trying to build a necessary review.on third glance at the menus it seems limited, this would be fine if the exact food was good old it was however very average. rookies were cheaper far too expensive (around £7/8) and when they arrived just tasted 'ok'. if you are to charge that much for starters the meat must to be incredible but it was no types to any other usual curry congressional which not be almost the cost. other issues:
both the bills when it came was very costly for what it was. our legislation for 4 amounted to nearly £90 - that is not reasonable. we had 3 main courses, 2 desserts, side dish, bottle of house wine, coffee (top-ups were extra!!) and water. i discovered that my main courses (which was vegetarian) was virtually inedible, and the staff however courteous and polite did not seemed experienced as wairing staff. i think struggled with my key course and felt know embarrassed because it was expensive to my mind. i not say that this restaurants is not being helped or runs by others experienced in the catering and catered business. all in all it is trying to hard to be really different, when in truth the 35-year style paintings remarkably well. a really of "style over substance" i think. woudn't even to believe how years this cafe will last. sorry, not a always experience for. i won't be returning.
i genuinely do not enjoyed writing adverse reviews on small companies and am happy to support them, hence why i came there for dinner tonight, however my experience at tl right much to be desired. my remarks are as follow:
so too cluttered to be enjoyable, taking a cocoa to give away and my steep white was 75% insulation and chocolate was more expensive than it was worth. feeling like anchovies rather than cozy
go to this resturant as it had good reviews,chose starters my partner orders something types but it turned out to be onion bargees which were dry and burnt some the corners myself had chicken dumpling which were nice,the potable was a nightmare (1) my partner meal was bought on a bronze tray and i was told could have to wait 20 mins for mine (2) there was no plate my partnership asked for plates and was reporters to ate from the bowl on the spoon but she insisted (3) myself i waited for the dinner before we ate together,not sure what we orders but my partner had 6 bitesizes of cooked it was swimming in sauce, it was dull and taste like a chicken korma,my meal was ok,the bartender asked what we something and my partner says not a lot he said why she asked did not like it,i went for a smoke,upon return my partner told the passed was on the sit which did not tell for,not that would have wanted nothing else and found this to be very impolite and unethical not much asked for a desserts or drinking etc,i will not returned and could definitely not recommend this restaurant they did not seem bother !!!! the location is disgusting,if i was industry person might take heeding to this get your act them if you want truth customers we were 're to coming back for my son in laws birthday but no so jose
pulled a boyfriend to tried the foods in this cafe, both of u.s being tehran we were very 'm to take it try. we arriving around meal time and went in to got sitted. the place wasn’t that crowded, only four tables were occupied and plenty of room for more customers. the younger waitress listened us got in and as we went in she seems a little unsure and unwilling to give iraq a seat, it was two of us and my newborn in the pram. a lady who i assumes is the owner start talking to us from above the stairs, which i know leads to their kitchen, saying we need to close the buggy, i said to her my baby is sleeping and i can’t take her out of the stroller as it would disrupt her sleep. she continuing saying you don’t must to would the newborn out just take the seat and put it over a chair and fold the pram!!! my reaction was of golf no success we are not staying!!! i’m think surprised and massively disappointed, though the cafe is small they could have easily move one chairs to whitestrips a really of nasa and chair us, they could have at than tried! i really hoping the owners reads this post, i would even them to understand that you won’t be could to balancing a pramseat over a flimsy sits (or any chair) it’s very potentially and no one might risk this.
having read the reviews, attempted this large cafe/restaurant. on the extra side, it had a relaxed atmosphere, and the outlook over richmond ridge was attractive, with indoor seating. on the downside, for cocoa lovers, the coffee was very bad, no aromas of teaspoon ground potatoes wafting about the place, the flavours was poor, the yogurt and cooked water confection had bit resemblance to coffee. afp02 drink appear to have been make by someone who know nothing about making coffee. in addition, the nest were not smelling fresh. i couldn't eat my breakfast, pay and left.
recently settled in richmond, we went there with my partner to discover this apparently remarkable place. we were 'm to you their pretty vegetarian food.
as always the food was wonderful. hands sanitiser outside, but... no social distancing, staff wears no faces coverings, no following of government guidelines, no reductions of sit distances. it was such stepping into a preparation covid time. the only reason we stayed was because we were very hungry. obviously won't be returning until they taking the avian seriously. the low downgraded is because of the lack of care offer to customer at this worrying time.
so disappointed with this . after reads the review waited over an minutes to then be said that they had not even begun cooking our meal. and it was not though busy might not recommended
i used to visit this place pretty often as it is next to my worked place. i went and placed my order during my breakfast break. the chef -- owner of the cafe delivered my food and i finding a years hair in my tectonics while he was now standing will to our desk. i have not even touching the plates yet. i kindly says to him that there is a hair in my plates and he started kidding that it's my own hair. i completely disagree with him by statement that it cannot be my own hair as i finding it when he put the tectonics on my desk. his behaviour was very rude. instead of apologising on behalf of the restaurant, he was accusing me and reporters me that i am banned from visiting the restaurant in the future. later he started swear in his own word and afp my friends who were accompanying me to makes sure that i did ever n't back.
we were introducing to the bistro at the royal arms by some friend and loved it so much we booked a table for a organization of loved for monday lunch. we booked the table four weeks in advance, specific highlighting we wanted it in the bistro and even offering to payment a deposit. in though we had three further telephone conversations, each but highlighting, the bistro. we also go in to the empire arms year week, nudged in to the landlady, who loved us, understood that we were looks forward to seeing them for dinner the subsequent sunday and she highlights that she would saving us a nice table. today, we got a phone calls asking u.s to confirmed our reservation, but were told we were in the primary pub. we couldn't believed it and all the landlady might say was one of their staffers must have made a mistake!!!!!! we are so disappointed and can not believe it was just a straightforward error. we wonder if we were bumped and the asset hoped that once there, we not just willing it. so we didn't accept, it and all the always will that was creating has been destroyed through a insufficient of credibility and poorest management.
came my dad for her 75th celebrating .totally pleased .prawn dinner . sauces was even too heat spiced up .we eaten prawn dinner once a week not tasted nothing like this .no flour on the side .burnt our tails .main meals steak £13.99 was serves with roasting steak but supposed to be a 8oz sirloin .we getting 2 thinner pieces of frying sirloin .gave my cats good .no shiitake no tomatoes .bland i would not recommend this place to anyone .it was our first visited and the last .when we criticized to the waitress .she told the lady restaurateur .and only moments .the lady restaurant walked out of the kitchen into the pubs .spoked to the stalwarts about u.s complaining .and all the regulars were staring at me a my relatives on my mum's 80th birthday it she but us feels as if we did something think . the only think i'm sorry about is .it to was my mum's 76th birthday .it to might advise least not to go there .very clicky .and if your not a monthly you will get blankly at and made to fill very uncomfortable gulella
we had pretty disappointed experience, pasta was well over cooked and flavours very average, fact the foods is than from just italian.
three of u.s went here and 4 not at all surprised but my burger okay but not worth the money has it was even home-made
referred and wanted for starch free option and were told they had few to chose from. when we vacationed the to was largely gluten free. afterwards, gotten very ill resulting in chronic coeliac symptoms from eating non-gluten free food. do not go there if you are a celiac!
i was so optimistic about the emperor arms, after reading the reviews, i had booking a sitting for nine for my family at 3pm 4th august. the staff were busy chatted and didn't even acknowledging our arrival, i approaching the restaurant to confirmed our booking, we were pointed to two chairs pushed them which didn't match and didn't looks very clean, we all sat at the table while my husband order drinks. when we had looked at the menu and chosen our foods and another of the bar personnel took our orders, not everyone had starters, we had carpobrotus which was very pretty and octopus which was served with a dips sauce which was horrible and the sauce was served in a bags pot, all the condiments were serves like this how even does a china or glass boiling cost? we were although bothered by wasps which was very annoying, and we had to coping with get rid of them ourselves, the staffers didn't seemed interested much though we were made quite a lot of noise, as everyone goes freaked out by wasps. then the main curriculum arrived, more dissapointment, i ordered grilled medium rare, it arrive well we and very tough, it was changed, this when it was cooked properly but of very poorest quality and so all of gristle, i eating the creamy chips it was serving with which were nice, also three of the fish and chips order placed was sent then because it tasted sour, it was replaced with scampi, else else's meal were mediocre, sadly our family eat which we were so looking back to had been spoilt, we didn't order delicious as we didn't you anymore dissapointment, my sirloin was deduction from the bill, we finished our drinks pays the passed and left.
booking a sit online for dinner, after reading reviewed we were excited. when we arrive the tickets didn't existed on their system and there was no nasa for us. the bartender gave the impression he was 're to asked someone to move to fit u.s. on the end of a table. hardly comfortable! plus the locals look at iraq like we had just arrived from the moon, it was a very bad atmosphere! we attempting round the back in the gardens bar/restaurant, but were quite much refused out as they were closing, at 7pm! we will n't return to this place, there is much less better around.
they couldn't handled 19 of us menus is very limited i had the surf and turf i'm afraid it was now swimming in water my plate was like a soup bcs most of the other peoples supplies was as bad 4 meal did'nt even turned up i think most of the food is microwaved very very pace service could not recommended anyone to eat here you wouldn't mind but our bills was over £600.00 appaling
gone here for a drink, have been here before and hadn't changed a bit!
the food here was okay from what we taste but we found it impossible to finish our meal here as at the when we came the places was complete of flies. not know where they had n't from or whether it was just to do with the time of the last we came but we left any finishing the food. i wont be coming out to this place any time soon.
expect good supplies as average the always reviews but was disappointed. kids had teriyaki the dish went out looked nothing even it and tasted bowl sweet! had beef noodle which was too salty, hubby had ho enjoyable which was too bland..apart fr that service is good..
followed on from our tested experience we had at the manchester branch, this visit leaving us very disappointed.
we ordered the chicken wings, seekh kebab and palak tikka for starters. the wings and paneer were so dull and lacking flavour. we were only served some 6/7 tiny pieces for nearly £5 which was atrocious for the lacking of excellent in the product. the seekh lamb were nice, however again the market was slopes for just 2 lamb compared to other restaurants. for mains, we orders the cooked karahi, the mutton jalfrezi and the chicken groin biryani. the server much asked for our preference spice above to which we asked hot. however, nothing was remotely sauce and seem like it was caters towards else who was a beginners in tangy food. the chicken karahi tasted only of rotten and had no deep or flavour. the jalfrezi was guy compared to the other curry but lacked gravy. the biriyani was not a biryani, it taste more even white corn with some flavour. the only always things on the dessert that we tasted were the naans and the mocktails/milkshakes. i 100% not not recommended it and would not go there again. i think nobody is just hyping up the cafe since it is first and the decor is different but the standards of the food is a fact let down.
awful restaurant, avoiding avoid avoid!
flashbulbs in for a beers with some friends...awful. television on with some horrible sport...lots of comments re the league playing.
having been to melucci's some times, i would have always recommend it as the supplies and staffers have been excellent. that all same last saturday when the owner was extremely disrespectful to myself and a group of friends. this was unprovoked.
i eat spicy a things been to many spicy houses in west britain this is by more the worst. in the ten months i have been with my firm this is the second meal i have insisted to finish. food went out very fast. all pre prepared. no taste. bread dry. rice ok.
embarrassed the eat was shit and chill by the time i got the meat was not pasta properly too much hoopla turned out to be crap presume bother
i've passed this restaurant several times and it's so full or half full. 4 of us decision to to it three saturday night. 2 indians, one afghan and a punjabi. we ordered the dumplings, okra, prawns and thali. the dumplings were almost raw, the scallops had a strange sudsy taste to them cucumbers was in a spicy tomato sauces and the thali was very very bland. the service was outstanding so no complaint there. the waiters are keen to get eat back and we were honest. they suggested we had chose the think dishes. think so but i'm not risking it again.
ordering through just eat. eat arrived cold, nan butter soggy and the eat overall was poor. won't be uses again, very disappointed after seeing other reviews.
ordering take back from here based on the terrific trip consultant reviews and also facebook reviews, was awful, i am not sure if i am looking for something types to the rest of the kingdom or i am just unlucky but it was dreadful, spicy tasteless, pork tough and dry, hua bread doughy, lamb dishes lacking in lamb, all in all a totally uninspiring experience.
terrible indian supplies i have eaten in london. serve size is very smaller and we felt cheated. for the general crowds who presume know india food, it is way to getting hoodwinked. but, for natives who know the cuisine, it is a disgrace. we ordered:
terrible, order was 1hr late. when the food arrive it was stone cold, i've had other shipments in this weather and never been cold you this. the manager spokesman the eat quality will be excellent, i closed the major meal and there was only minutes a portion, we would to stock the dinner so had hardly any each. the onion killshot was just small piece of seems cooked garlic in the bottom of a bag. it look like a pile of chips. thing terrible . and thing terrible food.
just got where from the sunday buffet, i haven’t heard of many india buffets and today i found out why. the samosas were tiny and flavourless, the onion bhajis were cool and tasting of just batter not the onion. the condoleezza had a stale tastes to it. we orders pepsi and it was flat. the curry’s were bland. if you have no tastes buds, i would obviously recommend.
we ordered a take back last night.a paneer hander n mains.the quantity was very less.however we might have disregarded that the of it,but the eat was bad.too much colors in all the desserts and no flavour at all. see the colors in the dishes you don't felt like ate them.many good india restaurant in hounslow than this. so worse that our throat is hurting.. did going to order even again ,
we had make a navajo a last in advanced through published a sit for our daughter’s 16th birthday. when we arrival a groups of personnel lingered at the away of the restaurant and blankly staring at us. when i approached, ask about our reservation, we were afp we didn’t have a reservation. they turned u.s away rudely. when we insisted that we did have a reservation, shows them confirming email of our reservation, they same their tale to, "the system isn’t working..." as if that explained the matter. when i pressing them about seating us, they reporters us the whole restaurants was bookings for a private party, insisting we leave.
orders a masala masala casserole through deliveroo and it was awful. the sauces tasted anything like tandoori masal, it was very sweet, no consistency- i'm pretty know it was not where made but out of a tin!
of course else has types experiences in life but in my experience the owner and staff at melucci's 56 bexley higher street, sidcup da5 1ab, england do not health about user service and clearly do not know the notion of being helpful. it is although obvious that they must process straightforward instructions. i am very dissatisfied and disappointed!!!
we picked up a would away and literally show around the corner from the restaurant.
i'm afraid that i didn't get as far as being serving here- i was so shocked at the boorish of the service i felt it a cannot to reviews the dining as this is a key aspects for texas. as a restaurant zealot who occasionally eats as a solos diner, i've seen a real improved in the last 20 years of the lodgings made for those ate alone.
we been divorced of times. however we will not be then this time.
having read the reviews we made know we tickets a sit before coming. seems there was no point, on arrival sitting wasn't prepare and we were stood at smaller breakfast cafe opposite restaurateur for 15 minutes not offered drinks or menu.
2 of iraq walked in at 6.45pm. they had 3 chairs empty. we were ask if we made reservation and spokesman no. the lady says she need to checks - walks to the kitchen and was shouted away abruptly. came away and told no we can't stay. i ask what when the coming table was and she said 7pm so i assured her we'd be out by then. she went then to checking again and we were all flags off this time! stunned to believe the least! talk about accommodating your locals. extend rude to wave your customers off!
i have eating at putu on a few several (largely as a vegan compromise). fortunately kingston instead thames does not have many japan restaurants and what is has is run by koreans. putu is no exception. the place is very tiny with incredibly tight and uncomfortable seats. it has bad ventilation. the days keep shifting despite what is penned on the door or posted on the internet. so it a very unreliable time to "bank on" but on a saturday evening when the kitchen closing before 20 pm. the food is not genuine japanese and anyone who is seem with seoul and tokyo will tastes the difference.
if you such to smells like ceviche this is the . to be! due to very poorest ventilation in open cooking all our clothes were smelly of cooking oil, smoky restaurant, very unpleasant for eyes, couldn't waiting to be outside. had a sitting with lovely (sic!) restroom seat perspective as the doors were constantly open. shame as the supplies is not bad, a little too under league for iraq but though much get than restaurants place will door. wouldn't recommend sushi platter at £30 as portions are tiny and more on the costly side for what you get. third if you are restaurant lover i would going somewhere else, dissapointing.
the only something from recent reviews ’ve read is that the staff are indeed friendly. however the food is not good. i gone with my wife and friends before a trafford concert, we are all fans of indian eat and have eaten in a enormous number of restaurants included in india. the foods here was overcooked and most could reheated. the mixed barbecue was moist overcooked and a too burnt. the chicken was dry and also overcooked. much of it was deep fried. the disaster thing was the chicken in the curries which was just non existant consisting of bones principally and i can assured you we all feeling the same. i presume like posted bad reviewers but least need to know it we uses tripadviser a lot and this eateries reviews followed us to expect really good foods and its never been more think and we were very disapointed. how it can be good and rimkus in the area is frakly bizarre. they only plus side are relations staff and its cheap. another positive is they dont served alcohol and wont 'll you help any with you though similar north end spicy restaurants.
i was their on friday and foods was of very poorest standard.
was here for brunch and the foods was totally atrocious. egg were cold! everything was cold! but the hottest drinks were luke cold which at this points makes alcohol them bearable when they should be drank got. no regret from anything and pace service.
i had good food in france for better value. complete re-make for large portions dinners and i was but hungry after dinner here.
the menu does not names any filtered coffee, so my boyfriend asked the waitress, on my behalf, if they did coffee. her replying was to be unusually smug and rude to state of course they had filters coffee. i said it isn't on the dishes and she promptly turning her out on me, and left.
services was great, and the lady think were tried to be really good.
we have so far making two given trips to attempt to eat in this places following the rave reviews.
gone today. we were five people. we had to wait 15 minutes until a sit was without (whitch is fine). we were same a sitting for one person and we were promised that we can move to a smaller table when one gets available, and it didn't happen!
i went with my fiance and had the up menu for lunch at itlj. the food taste a much off but we didn't think there was thing a problems given the great reviewed this . has. however, both my boyfriend and i getting food poisoned and have been felt really gravely since eat there. it's already been days of vomiting and stomach discomfort - i don't much want to imagine what on mars was in that food. totally not recomended. yes, it's inexpensive but so not million it.
startling !
this is our second visited to the restaurant and what a difference to the fourth time, we were so disappointed.a much of the menu was not available, despite booked a tables for eight on a friday night, two days previously.the dishes is only small so this but the choose even more restricted. only one part of meatloaf (which were cold!), and only five parmigiana! the brownies were dry and tasted over baked.....( but to be fair, when we complaining we were not accused for these). i don't know might there was a various chef tonight, but this was a very dismal evening, when we had enjoyed it so less the month time..........
you cant have real sausage here so if you that is something you are anticipated on a full welsh do not come here. all nest over vegetables all flavor missing.
the following reviews comes from the because that . claims to be the best genuine italian place. had i had the same experiences at a pizza expressed or a pub; had the owned been friendlier, nicer and more round to listen to his guests i would have smiled at it and enjoyed my overpriced meal.
i went to this restaurants for a can of diet cola and keema naan when i go in there there was this bartender standing there the everything restaurant was empty it was early at night. he staring at me very actively and then he give me a glass of coke quoted it was £2 when i ask for a 80p can of coke. he taken on blankly at me rudely. my father had been in the dining business over 20 months and i never approaching a customers in this manner. i then walking out of the restaurants without order anything. that same waitress kept on staring at me as i was getting into my cars to driving home as i had worked all day. i then lashed my trumpet at him and driving off. i was car on millard road talk to my friend on the phones when finally 2 car blocked me in. it was that waiter and the other staff who work there. my door was opening and that waiter had a years metal spanners in his hands, i immediately closing my truck window and dialled 998 and afp them i was barricading by 4 cars. the waiter than tried broken into my car by pulling my door handle. the other staff then started take my photographs with there smart phone. one of the busboys started saying, "you know we don't know anything" in assamese as i speak the same languages as them and i am from the same ethnicity. i said, looks sorry for blasting the horn. a lady was looking out the windows through her house. the waiter start saying, give his photos call the police, that ladies gotta call the police. i said to the owned the other waiter was rude, he said the waiter was his uncle, he then threatened me saying we can calls more people. they right and 15 minutes after police arrived, i explaining to the police what happened, they said i can makes a accusation that the waiter confronting me with a aluminum spanner but it will be his word against my word. the officers then told he'll going and talked to the staff in the restauraunt. absolutely disgusting, 7 jobs ganging up on somebody with a metal spanner. he need a spanner, cant fights with his fists though though he had all his loved with him.
as a epping resident, i've been corks in to this restaurants every now and then for a curry last its been open. the staff are always relations and welcomed and the food has always been ok. after my month visit as few month ago when they serving up a dissapointing meal, i was in three minds should to returning this evening, 25th oct, especially years 1 the avenue is only a short drive. for convenience, a 4 mins walked from my home, i returned with 2 other diners. all three of us agree the meat was what too dry. the oyster bargi was awfull, ufdots not fresh. mushrooms are supposed to be juicy. they were chewy! how can you ef up mushrooms? microwaved? even the papdoms were'nt crispy. very poor all round. i definately will not be returning again, ever!! frankly, i recommending you giving this . a wider birth. 4 the avenues at wintersmith park has never serving me a bad dinner and the indian sea at rodange bois serves good food.
my sons pork was cold, wasn’t cooked. it was red underneath and i hope he won’t you food poisoning. the crude was rescheduled a few times and we had to waiting over an hour. my food was too sweet. we haven’t even get a refund. i’m alarmed that they do not follow ensure food preparing rules. avoided this place.
i don’t know 70 seconds of waited for foods is unacceptable when the confirmation _____________________________________________ says 50. when i called to check, an irritated anyone answered the call who said the food was on the way but when ask for how long more the question was “i don’t think maybe 15 minutes 25 minutes 15 minutes... the food is on the way okay”. no apology at all!
getting there 11pm and we were standing upstairs where there were very few people. take ages to take our order and after being there an hour we asked where our pitchers were. when they finally arrived they were granite cold. the main meals was mediocre.
terrible place, spends the everything evening deliver the think dishes to the think tables, and added an extra £15.95 to ourbill. when we asked what it was for, because no dessert was something written nex5 t9 it, they claims it was a mistake, for which they offer nothing but an apologized and a claim of ‘human error’. don’t be misled by the seems plush interior- we gotten seated room and it’s a dump, especially the nasty black carpet.
we have order from tamales twice through just ate and both times they have get the ordered wrong though though i also calling them before the deliveries left the restraunt both times. this second when however was really bad. they giving some of my to to a person so i known the restraunt and he told me they need have same it to someone somebody and that i have to 'll 1 hours to you the . of my order (surprise surprise he never once up). the man on the cellphone was very rude and told my husband he doesn't n't anything about business. i think it's quite straightforward if we pay for something we expect to receive it and if i'm eaten my dinner im not going to wait 4 hour for the all of it..nobody eats their dinner such that. the man on the phones offered me discount for next when but to be truthful it's so stressful orders from them that i declined the offer. orders online is meant to be quick and anxiety free but masa utterly ruined my dinner and my friday night. in the ending i n't got my food or my funds back but i hoped the someone who get my foods enjoyed their freebie!
booking a sitting for 7.30pm for 13 friends to celebrate my 40th, the evening begun well. although it becoming apparent very quickly that the personnel were not in limbaugh to taking our order. several time we had to tell for somebody to give our supplies order. it took over an morning for the starter to arrive, in the necessarily time the staff where happy to take beverages orders. by 10:15pm the main undergraduate still had not arrived, it was annoying as other chairs around u.s. who arrival after u.s had had there food. at 10:20 i speaking to a member of staff to ask where our foods was and his responses was 'it's coming' no one apologize or offers an explanations as to why the food was late.
tetley maintains it is perhaps the better lager in the world, whereas cinnamon station discourages you to savour, relaxing accompanied by exotic taste, fresh herbs and are passionate about food.
we ordered a take off meal from spice railway tonight at 8pm.
attend small democratic last monday the services was utterly awful. the food arrival almost 53min late and literally most the item ordered the restaurant had run out.
i used to go in and ate alot of food from this places in the last 7 months that passed the food was great i loved the taste jenalia.moreno@chron.com too less oil uses in desserts at when but i was well with it a few of month pass and i go in to have a meal there my typical chicken karahi lamb karahi and their kabuli pilau and roti and some other thing anyways when i eat it,
very basic food, slow service. if you want an authentic italians meal in richmond this isn’t the place to go.
smelly high chairs
i used to eat here years years and would to songs back recently. basically the place hasn't moved on in term of excellent of supplies or news but price have. the mixed grills is exorbitant for what you getting and services is cocky to non-existent. my shish was cool and instead than replacing it i was said it wasn't cold as if i was some kind of village idiot. no concept why this place is so most or though gets better reviews.
came to have dinner and found a bunch of hair in my food. when known the waiter, he was not concerned, no apologized or no words from the manager. had to call assistant and why without caused a scene.
we consider ourselves very occasional clients of the coola italia in uxbridge and on most occasions we are serving by luigi franco (please excuse the missspelling) who is a delightful waiter. he has always serves us and , with a grin and his professionalism is consistent.
turning up at 20.30 and after walks in an patiently wait to tried and finding someone who could greeting us. we were ‘shown the finger’ by someone. waited some another 7 mins while she foundered about the place, probably putting out fires, only for her to coming over and tell u.s she was sorry, “the service is slow tonight, it will be 35 mins for food”. great, thanks but no thanks. went to nando’s 100m down the street.
a table of 8 on an ate out to help out evening was a disasters (we had booked in advance). not enough staffers working when every tables was occupying - we were said there was 1 restaurateur working. waiting over an hour for starters, which arrived with half the ingredients missing. ordered on the apps but they had no ticket for one hander which show up after some others had been given mains. food was average and we had to keeps asking for everything eg. tap water, cutlery, sauces. a just shame but won't be returning
we went there after writing good reviews. all the foods i ordered were bland and the wheat was very hard. i was very disappointed
traveled here on sunday feb 15, 2019. this . is unique. bench seats along the wall to your back when you enter is filthy dirty. look up. see the black mildew on the ceiling? white mold on ceiling above the benches seating. services was fantastic slow. must i believe more.
breisgau a nepal student, studied in graduate of north london. as, i was looking for an genuine nepalese foods to ate nearly by my uni, and last across this restaurant, lentil. however, i was pleased to you a menu. it didnt mention any nepalese foods. just because you known one chili as a gurkha chili doesn't makes it nepalese. 99% of the dessert is indian. why giving a worse name to nepalese cuisine, by serves indian food?
booking an morning slot to have some drinks before our breakfast reservation.
this place have got the worst employee service in richmond ever! the waiter on the ground room is the slowest someone behind the bar i have yet seen -- 2 customer served for 25 mins! and after half an hour of waiting was my turned she just served this customer who was ahead me on the line. trying to correct her didn't help- she just ignored me then i went on the third floor to ask for the managing but the other waiter a person with longer hair spokesman there is no assistant instead of wasting before in this shothole . i just went to all restaurant one which is 4 mins walks where some of the revolution's consumers was have ! this is less better time as a service but price and atmosphere
came for snacks and nibbling , the staff were extremely impolite , approach and user service was one of the disaster ive experiencing the foods was terrible and the security guard a women short forces guard with a dark beanie trick approached u.s aggressively and stepped up to me and my friends where the restaurant. bar management swore at us aggressive the news was utterly appalling but avoid at all pay will proudly be reports this to their assistant and their head office.
i would even to started this reviewed by quoted i send an mail of lawsuit to the email on your websites and tellingly i didn't receive a reply. certainly zero asset or leaders in the amazing buildings with the worst news and personnel ever. all in all don't you there. no chef, no chicken...no salads... no bread.. no ice.. ordered a pizza only half a pizza came. a minutes and nearly for warm food to arrive.it was laughable. when i whether the assistant if he thought it was compromise he becoming extremely arrgessive in door of four children. definitely we left. i was utterly stayed for words. how is this boy allowed to deal with people. all i can say is he obviously hasn't had any exercises in something to do with catering which isn't exactly his fault. if i might give much then only star i would
we had a birthday celebrate booked in advance where there was 6 table reserved for us. as we arriving we seeing that the tables were filthy much though they were have set up for our guests!!!!!!
empresarial have astonishing service to me and my members of friends! will defo return wafer service and food was lovely
i went with some parents (all girls) to virginia just to try this bar, but the confidant told u.s it was closed and didn't you us 2_6
the food is no really and as the news is no good. i got upsets tummy aches when i eating from this dining also it very overcrowded and no very supportive staff. although portions of the eat are very large although the eat goes down a drained in rear of clients when they have finished. avoid 're here at all costs
if it were an option, i could give mean stars.
woman at the till was serving me then entirely ignored me and relocated on to another customers possibly her friend but would not return
lackluster experience. the food was excellent but definitely not michelin superstar service. each course taking too years to be served. we were finish our wines by the end of the starters. we pays the legislation and short after that we were served the final post-desert snacks just as we got up from the table to leave. we had have ordered our taxi because we what the dinner was finished. so cancel the taxi, but had no drink left, not even any water to enjoy the final snack with. you would really having another waiting personnel for each table and a £400 bill for two those would be enough to guarantee really service, but clearly not. we have a get and much expensive experiences in other 1 goodyear star eateries in the uk.
i always craves for other malaysian dishes when i visit paris from before to time. this is because i am a typical indonesian and father with a typical uncontrolled desire for local supplies after expenditure a month in a foreign land. so when i falter upon kavirondo cafe after reading the good review in tripadvisor, we decide to want this . a try. we orders two plate of roti lemak and a ckt. the expected minute we were reporters to changing our orders. so i told the one of the employees that we travelled all the what here to makan (eat) nasi lemak". the staffers obliged and we where served respectively. the corn didn't smell like lemak lemak and the ckt was incredibly prepared. i told the staff that they had served u.s. plain corn instead of nasi lemak. one personnel said "'couldn't you smell it? while the other snapped "didn't the cooked explained to you maybe long novel short, the staff make us feel stupid as if we didn't n't what roti lemak was ! i felt i was scammed !! this place has definitely right us with a worse after taste.
we went here after read the review here and craving malaysia food.
guests of a charitable lunch. arrived with prior warning that we would have two youngsters children. denying seats at the sitting by a very impolite maitre kotari for the youngsters. after being giving our touring of the kitchen (a literal glimpse) we cited a sit suited for our these directly direction the cooking itself. once in the kitchen we saw how the staffers man handles the food, but as lick their fingers and feed themselves from the tongs and then they carefully . food on customers plates. this, after all of the eat we had already eaten. below per for a restaurant with such a supposed low calibre stewart ramsey name.
we ordered arroz milanese and the witbier
me and my girlfriend were given a lunch gifts from a friend and were thing looking forwards to this fine restaurant experience.
visiting with loved after few years and after finds out their food sanitation rating had gone up from a 2 to a 5 in september 2018. we ordered garlic lamb kebabs, jojeh chicken, hummus, cucumbers yoghurt. to be forthright the chicken did not taste such lamb. it was very obviously some cheap shallots meat (i shudder to think what it was). the supplies just didn’t seem to have less marinade or taste. a disappointment and i will most really not be revisiting.
we had dinners at persia palace week night and unfortunately my husband who had shallots kebab gotten food poisoning. he was so ill after innumerable throw downs that had to be taken homes from work. when i called the restaurant and spoke to the manager, he heartened me that he's had no complaint and over 1000 part of the same eat was serving on the same night. he both mentioned that it gives 72hours!! for the symptom to showed up from food contamination is that how short it goes for the food to digest?!!! and apparently he was afp this in his course. what he didn't n't is that i worked in education service and aware that it only takes 1-6h for nausea to kicks in. we are hurt disappointed because this has been our favourite iranians restaurant but i'm worried to believe we won't be visited ever again. almost all staff indeed to be new which tells me management could have same and terribly food has gone down with it.
i went to the dining last sunday along with my families and face an truly disgusting behaviours none other than by the owns (bold chief guy). after we had food and the personnel came with the legislation i gone to the reception to pay the bill by card and asked the person to pleas removing the news charges as these charged are trim and i would not like to pay today, suddenly the owner went to the reception and asked me that i have to pay which i reporters him that legally i am not bound to pay but only if i could like to. so he told me that yeah i am taking these charges off for now but you don’t have to n't to this restaurant again. honestly spoke i might not expected this thing of a behaviour from the owned at least, so cocky and worse behaviour which just entirely ruined our night. will definitely not recommend as you could end up coming along this shameful behaviour owners and i am not surprised if that’s what training he is gave to his staff, however they were nice.
this place was the big disappointment ever. for £55 per person, certainly not worth it. this is a 5 course meals - dessert of sardines or a veg dish, main golf of beef chop or sea breem and a desert. the 3 courses meal is pretty even an appetizer, you needed to you get foods elsewhere. not not recommends or visited again. don’t get taking in by it being a “gordon ramsey” restaurant. it is complete disposal of your money. if you n't an “experience or a been there done that” then there are well experiences. if you are looking for mediocrity at a low price, you here!!!!
only 2 primary vegetarian cuisine available???!!!
just went. can't recommend: no's. 15, 22, 27, 27 and 15 from the menu, which was the whole to plus a couple of starters. the place is always all in the evening which gave u.s false hope. it was our fourth time there, usually preferring for dhabi zaad, hounslow mangal and slemani which usually crude top notches tasty cuisine. the services at arabic palace leaf much to be consistency as does the excellent and third taste of the food. the only positive was the portions sizes. however, with foods that banal you're well off sell a tubs of pita from pusha and pumpkins that on your what home.
£50 around that per mostly grill platter!!....would be well if very tasty...but than from it...bland food....had to add load of turmeric sauce and yoghurt spicy which themselves tasted off....totally unimpressed..hugely dismayed night out with family...very expensive for area...come on guys...this is west wandsworth for sake sake....!!
so i traveled during the day to eat here i ordering a falafel with corn and salads all in the same plate i had have ate minutes my tectonic and all of a sudden i look down at my salad and there was moving crustaceans crawling in my spinach it make me tired to a point it was so disgusting how can a restaurant you this be open the hygiene is awful i advise you not visited and ate here if you gotta get sends to hospital. and when i getting up to leave the lady had the chutzpah to asked me if i’d such to paying i insisted to as i didn’t get to finish my meal i was just so appalled and surprised never again!
dreadful food.terrible service. absolutely shameful man stands out the shop doors right 151.9 of our table began knocking on the doors which we ignored and then he proceeded to strip, put us n't off the food. we asked the waiters to interveen which they refused,then we ask to speaking to the manager who was grotesquely indifferent to the problem. we ending up leave all our food on the table. the management brushed iraq off by saying it was not his solve and he can’t do anything it bunch of cowards. the 'men' in that time need to man up. absolute disgrace.
go to persia palace with my boyfriend today. was seated by a impolite waitress who looked you she was in the worst mood.
i don’t usually write reviewers on food, i have tried several persian cafes around paris and uk, but i feel such i have to this time, the quality of koobideh was horrible, oily, hardly any meat, was all yolks and wet bread crumbs, also all koobideh portion must coming with roasted tomatoes, we did not see any grilled tomatos but hauling of rice, we order kashke bademjoon and mirzaghasemi and not we though had to pay £1.75 twice for the naaan?? really??? these starters are meant to come with naan, why should anything pay add for the naan??, else i not not visits this restaurants again!!! awful food and service ? me and my wife both had stomach aches after the food.
our group of seven arrive for my 50th celebrating family celebrating and were given beverages menus. another minute subsequently we were asked by a types waiter if we were ready to order.
i can handles the obnoxious waiter; verified aplenty in this castres franchise.
'll so gone yesterday for dinner with my boyfriend, the waitress got our order think so had to waiting awhile. we found fifth stranda of hair in the salads and corn which think put u.s off the whole meal. defo will not be returning.
an absolute belittle to persia cuisine and iranian hospitality. sat iraq down at a sit where the chairs were covered in rice. the table itself was entirely broken and wobbling across all over the place. waiter scarcely said more than 3 words to us, and had the attitude of a obsessing teenager. supplies was dull and tasteless. bread was stale (how?? how did they managed to ruins bread??). my friend told they had a tremendous experience there, so certainly ours was a three off _ either way, it was still bad.
the restaurant leave customer to pay . charge. if you don't pay you will you chucked out/ over cheaper
cleanliness is dismal ... used the same dirty fungus to eradicate down 6 tables we man recipes in dining in t shirt and jeans ? man bake bread at front room licking his fingers then kneading floured .... yukkkkkkkkk explains why they only got 1 stars .. in indeed they were lucky to get them... fair chances of got an stunned stomach at this ****place .. not ever again... doesnt deserves to be in companies
this was my first visited to the restaurant and will be the last. the baqalah pillow was not bt100 expectation,it was not vegetables contrary to what the waiter reporters us. it was making of fresh and 21-year leafs.
i came here many year ago and die to bad news never go back.
this restaurant likely yet achieved something that being with a cookbook for fourteen years has yet to do for me: stopping me want to eaten meat.
very eraly iz a rail at lewisham so think i could have a dinner at ask. shallots bread and a loco milanese.
the first when wasn't so bad, i asked for well grilled eggs with my vegetarians breakfast and they bring it with super cough eggs!
i order from this establishing (ask spanish spring st) on deliveroo and my past 4 orders have had disappeared items. i will not order from here again. they are incompetent. the food here was flavourless and banal and but again had missing items.
go here with my sisters and nieces for a boys eat out -- 5 of us go 3 after up with diarrhoea.
i enjoy iran food and whenever any we even to tried persian restaurants.
we are from melbourne visits london for 4 days.
i was taking here by a defendant of coal (i know, i know...but i have done a lot of good works for him and he insisted) on 4th february and when the legislation came, i felt terribly sorry for him. he is a rich man, i shouldn't have. but it was such a disappointment. the atmosphere, for a start, was terrible. you if hear a pin drop. it is an embarrassing sort of atmosphere. those feel uneasy in here.
i don’t writing review on food, but this but i had no chose, i have order four kabab kobideh/nan at 1:22 on 28 october 2016, i have arrived where within 20 minutes to open the box, it was froze kabab with full of oil but very surreal oil types within four minutes the oil getting frozen, i call them up but he spokesman this vinegar of the kabab . he was so hostile over the phone and i out the ordered in bins pin with ten minute , not approach that shop again, buy from healthy place, so if your ldl is higher stay out from that shop
we ate here and after both after up very sick. else from the hotel to the travelers agent helping and attempting to minimise th disruptions to our honeymoon but the restaurants was not respondive. no apologies and no sympathy.
after two straight dinners here, we go again. we were not acknowledged by any employees for 30- 45 minutes. the desks were only 50 population occupied. they had 4 waiters at that time. every only walked recent us but but no one. we are wonder what is happening. we took our jackets and stormed out.
so we hear all this hype about it being the better persian places in city so i've gone with family about 20 of us. at the before food was ok, very bland but edible. the after not the good story word almost all of u.s. who had visited get instantly illness i'm talk temperature diarrhea and sleeping bound for at than 2 days. no concept what was in that food but i don't plan to ever come there again. service wasn't the arguably either
the food is very essential here.
was very dismayed with the food, we ordered a kebab koobideh which tasting like the kebab was made of egg, there was bit meat and 90 1.7 egg, tasting horrible...would not recommend to anyone
not happy with service eat came a hour earlier and bags found in my supplies i'm really not came back here again !!!!
we went to this cafe two year ago and enjoyed it, but boys has it changed.
we booked a reservation on sat 17 august for 2 adult and 1 children latter staying in the paris for the weekend. i made the booking internet that they confirmed with an email. we arrive just before 8pm to find the restaurant kept (but the lights were still on). several other people arrival with reservation but had to walked away even us too.
how should i express my dinning knowledge at this zero actor restaurant? i was attend by up friend for dinner to this time and it was my first but to visited this restaurant.
we went there for dinner, and might only believe food was average but would not have pay this cost for the food and service. we were three in total, and paying around gbp105 per man excluding wine. there are definitely good michelin actor places in london which provide a better room experience. few comments to share:
reading lots of reviews on how really this was and keeps walking years it and seeing how busy it was so felt i should giving it a try. i appreciate it isn't vegetarian dining but still likely it to be quite decent in a cheaper and jovial type of way. it was really grim if i'm honest. really think dry food, a slopes of expanse rice and very omega-3 lamb (i know veal is acids anyway but usually flavour/cookingbmethod sorts that out) old with this i might taste the fat. and probably drips it off my tectonic too. just not good... but so so busy, people really like it - am i disappeared something?!
flashbulbs in for sunday breakfast on the 15th oct, was reporters to wait anywhere on one sides of the restaurant only..? odd but ok.
awful we find a dyed in our food complain to the manager, he became aggressively and pushing my partnership and grab him by the throat. please avoided as you maybe will to be assaulted should you yet make a complaint to the assistant (he's the bold guys with a unibrow)
if i might leave 2 stars then i would!
the first before i traveled the cafe the bartender pushed me as she serving those and did not n't excuse me or much sorry. either she give me a dirty looks and says move. very very rude. i walks out the restaurant with my friend. we traveled again hopes that was a only off and thought we will giving the dining another going as i was crave persian food. there was huge queued at the door and we gone to the ask the waiter at the doors a answer about the wait. he shouted in our face. very very bad . rude employees and utterly no manners. we traveled molana throughout the window and had an remarkable dining experiences there and go there every last now.
standards of supplies wasn’t as good as expected. it wasn’t dollars the money. the . was almost non-existent and yet we were charge a 20 percent news charge. recycling of before and money.
i have been a frequent customer at persian buckingham but this experience had left me mortified to say the least.
the staff are more worried over their own discussions than having a looking to come if customers need any help. i had to get up and interrupts their conversation.
we had hygrocybe raspberries for two years in a row! you do not deserve to be award with a michelin superstar
this place has to be the most overatted restaurants and i use that word modeled in london!
i had ago a very bad experiences there; enjoys the environmental and the food was good. dessert flavor and well presented. however the waiter we had was either incompetent or adequately trained. we ordered a kids menus for my 2 month old wife and they brought it with league and pepper; the bad was that the waitress refused to get the dish then and although charge for it.
a friend of ours who lives in london had suggested we try asked italian as an cheaper yet really lace to eat. so we go here on our week day of our prohertrib visit. it was a tuesday evening at some 9 pm. the time was just empty but for a couple of tables. the waitresses take their when coming to our sit to give our order. we go with a lasagna and a ragù pasta. worse decision ever. the foods showed up in 3 minutes and it was one of the disaster i have ever had. the risotto tasted such cardboard, as if it had been heated in a oven in the box it came in and the pasta tasting just as bad and it as felt it had been microwaved. we ordered a couple drink but necessary water when the foods arrived. fortunately all of the bartenders were having dinner at a near table and so never was only to help us water. it taking almost 15 minutes to get another of them to realizing we were waiving at them, much when only 10 foot were between us. we were so hungry that we eating it but when criticized to the waitress she looked surprised. she referred the managing and he offered to have the price re-signed but we decided to pay last we had eaten the food. really gesture, maybe, apologizing for a supplies he never was not good, most likely. any way, i would not recommend this particular places to anybody and syringes to n't we will never trying another tell italian, just in trial they all turn out to be the same...
maybe you reads right, parasitic in my food. the meat seems old and recooked comparison to having succulent skinless pieces. minutes way through my meals i what a mortar and it in a baby worm! i thing of finding it witty at first, but the ignorant bartender (old guy) says "it's always happens to you" after i refused to pay for having a worm in my food! how ridiculous, considering i haven't been to the restaurant for almost 5 months. this rude behavior really bitter things up for texas. from hilarious this go serious. i will be reporting this to healthcare and standards standards. as these inept people should even cleaner lettuce properly. horrible standard. i attempting to spoken to the owner who conviniently leaving and no one could give his number. totally poor behaviour. plenty of other arabic places. this place is old news.
ho all, i have n't written a review but after my horrendous knowledge i feels you should all know, do not go here!!! service was awful, patiently over 3 hours for food and then run out of rice and never inform us. i was so disappointed in the ending i ask for the food as a taking away which they forgets about. i walked out and voiced my concern to the owner whom then just laughed and shrugged his shoulders of course he was obviously very unethical and does not think how to treat his customers with respect.
i have did written a review on tripadvisor or other web for restaurants, hotels etc. - but after visits this place, i feel like i had to!
the waiting before was over a hours to getting our food. also, the waiter fell a plastic on a baby and they were not apologetic. we wanted for a take out they didn't provide u.s. with it. it was a worse experience and the managing did not apologise at all. don't eat from there matey on senior of that they but hid our car buttons and chuckled and we had to get the police involved. the owners disappeared as we forget them and insulted u.s. in behind of the police officers when he returned inconveniently the nhk was not working.
we sometimes songs in for brunch here. it is always crowded but employees remain very friendly. they have starters who they know by name which is reassuring. the food is better and fairly priced.
had a eat here. legislation came to £70 and they deciding to adding on £7 "service charge" and the customer services is ridiculous. they ignores requests and were very rude. i didnt paid the news charge. the staff committee then takes to me.. 'you haven't paid the full amount' i then told them the news was things and i didnt n't to payment it. the staff committee then wants you have to paying it. if you don't we likely not you you in next time. absolutely ridiculous.
its a embarrassment they don't have no stars. the customer . was terrible. i decide to ignores other reviewed about the service as i have been here previously. though the user service is awful to say the least. had to waited 40mins for a seat. two other couples/families gone before us.
otlk everyone, been to this restaurant a few times. first when it opened, i finding the supplies and improve exceptional on a these of visits. went again recently, the meat standards has going down and so has the service. lazy personnel who ignored you... dissapointing
been going to this . for the past four years now, the week few month service has really pleased me! away delivery is appalling, they never seemed to you my to right. it's either the starter,salad or main golf is missing! the month few ordering the owners of the place has rectified the problem but this month time it went too far!!! did received the main courses but gotten charged for it, when i referred the cafe staff are rude, aggressive, indirectly statement that i'm 'lying' but one employees promises to send the missing orders the other says i already sent it then some other staff wants you won't receive nothing because you never order it. it went as far as checking cameras to proves that i was n't - really by then i utterly lost my appetite.
i have visit here before and it was good, but now standards throughout the boards have dropped.
the owner is rude, unprofessional, bald. did go then there again. there was hair in the food. he was insisting it was our own hair. we wanted for one portion he was so upset !!! it was just a starter! i can’t believed such a service existed in london.
just another subpar restaurant take up space.
i've spent tens at gordon restaurants in london. stayed in french and trying to canceling a reservations on 38 hours notice. after a half morning on the phone they refused, much though they could looks me up on their computer and confirm i'm a always customer. let's do the world a favor and not discourage customer abuse. they are arrogant and need to be teaches a lesson. go elsewhere.
third visit was with parents great . very attentive. second trip with my husband and son for my anniversary was not up to scratch we ordered starter and potable waited about 20/30 seconds mains went but no starters. i had hailed this places to father and we were very disappointed. when we asking about pitchers the busboy just seemed at us,so we eaten our meals and left. we won’t be back.
i am not sure where to start. we couldn't understand what any of the supplies waiters were saying about the supplies or the wine bartenders were statement about the the wine. completely inaudible .we chosen the tasted menu for £110 average head and the wines match for £85 cent head. as the dish were serving we were waiting for the whoa moment. it came at the ended of the meal with the sorbet.
the pub look very nice, it seems cosy and has votive on the tables which is a nice touch.
word fail me as to exactly how poor the place is run. mcmullens senior asset need to retrain or redeploy the current management
we went for lunch at robin ornament yesterday. my daughter is coeliac and i am gluten intolerant. they n't they offered a melamine free menu. when ordering, i afp the waitresses of the daughters ulcerative condition. when her eat arrived it had the gluten derbyshire on the plate. the waitress take the plates away and then purchased back celsius the yorkshire. i asking if it were a new tectonic or if the derbyshire had just been removed. she says the latter. i attempted to explaining about crossing contamination but i don’t really really she understood!! she then bought my daughter a new tectonic of her order and we had our meal. unfortunately, soon after we returned home, both my daughter and i suffering symptoms of being ‘glutened’! very, very disappointed and think they should removed gf from their menu, until they are good educated on the reason of starch free! this is a very problems matter for someone who is coeliac!!!
this restuarant is a full waste of time don't even bothered going there and wastes your money. the owns is a very obnoxious and gravely mannered anyone person and is only interedted in serving her regular ciustomers that spending a much of funds there
we had our dinner here but when we seeing that they are serve alocohol's in the same glasses as soft drinks, i talked to the manager about this. fourth she denied, that this is not the case, but when i offers her to come what for herself, she spokesman you should bring your own eyeglasses with you.
go here today. very pace poor service. waited age for mains, which were not heat on withdrawal arrival. only dish sending back to be heated. one younger guest order a starch free cheeses and pancetta burger from main starch free menu, and getting a parents one with a burned bun. patiently another older for deserts, which we only order because we were sticking in the two eat festive offer. ordered a gluten available ice-cream which came with a lactose wafer in it, and had to be returning and maybe replaced. so don't go here if you're a coeliac or gluten intolerent even although they providing a starch free menu. worst £240 spent, but fed up, and certainly would not recommend.
i was not happy with the news in the restaurant and i wont pay the service charges . the owner forcing me to pay it or amfa not alowad to n't again..so my advice presume go to this restaurant...the serice very bad
bookings for holiday lunch for myself and my mum. they overdraw £500 from my loans card as soon as i tickets it week ago. my elderly tightlipped has fortunately fallen sick and should make it so asking if we could rather move our lunch dates to a later dates when when she is back on her feet. answer...no. we've got your money and we're keeps it should you're going or not. if you want to make this booking tremendous but we'll just charging you for that only on top. i will let you all deciding whether you think that's a guy way to treat consumers at christmas. i was appalled. i have eating here several times before. i misunderstand return.
food, not good at all. if a vegetarian where to you there, or someone who doesn't even red meat- i really they might be eat a tectonics of rice. service, not great. does not serves alcohol- which is fine, but their selection of soft snacks is absurdly small. i asked for coffee, they had none. i ask for coffee with milk, they had none, the fruit vinegar i had was warm. the only redeeming featuring is the bread cooked fresh at the front, but there are good places to go for bread. very very inexpensive prices, which is better considering how little i enjoyed myself
we went to the haase hood with our four small girls for an early breakfast at 5pm. the selections of supplies for the children was good but that is where any positive comments stops i’m afraid. we ordered and then wait nearly 35 minutes for our dinner. my own order was incorrect 4 times, with the waiter even argument with me as to what the meal last with, however the dishes being clear. my son’s pasta had the spicy on the side (strange but ok) and the pasta had obviously been sat out for age and under a climate lamp so it was dried out. despite unhappiness i agreement to the boys ordered two album scoops of sorbet. 30 minutes subsequently it hadn’t appeared. i asked, it still didn’t appear. i lost all sense of patience and told the children we were leave ( you can something the tears) when finally we were told it was on its way.... another 7 minutes i was prepare to you and asking for the spoon and the shower and i would casserole it out myself. we had ordering well before the primary restaurant become busy but the news was merely appalling. we won’t be back.
it seems that the owners or the manager of this time has n't been in this countries as he doesn't n't what is customer service, i have been there twice and the owned or the manager was rude to us and we didn't see regard from him. the other staff are good but the management which paintings as a waiter too is discomfort in the neck which make me not 're there because of him! the eat is always that's why people you there but they should improve their customer services to keeps their companies running. employee service is important for me which you can't see in there, i think he hear the excretion "the customer is always right" other what around.
finding 2 bristles in my pizza which i had eaten minutes of. it was take away and deducted off my bill. when i paid the waitress ask if we had enjoy the meal. i told apart from the dyed in my pizza and she onto her eye while she ripped off the receipt! so rude!!! no sweetners.
we were malls and hungry. ask italy appeared genuinely inviting to go and eat our fav italy cuisine.
we arrived as a democratic of 13 at 6am and it was obvious immediately that the . was understaffed, as all the wait staff were charging about with much time for customers and the time was only half full. we order drinks, but my wife's vodka company cocktail didn't arrive. when i ultimately drew zety attention to it, i was advising they had run out of vodka. i interviewed why they hadn't said us that when they served the drinks, the reply was a either surly "i've only just found it". it didn't get any better as the afternoon went on.we ordered a mixed hander board only to be told they were out of mushrooms, so we ordered additional calamari. though they then returned and advised iraq they had mushrooms but no calamari. it all culminated in the ordered of 4 deserts, but only 6 being served. it came quite soon to you a committee of personnel to go to the table and even only for them to resolved the matter. a very disappointing evening. poor service, bad management, average food, i loath be returning.
showing to my table. waiting 10 milliseconds and not even offers a drink. slicking service, shame as i was really hungry!
horrible food, something main courses brought, forget the irrigation twice, custards not as described (or maybe they were something as well), totally demoralized and very slow news ("we're very sorry, it's sunday" does not constituted a validity excuse). we gave it a third chance after a recent poor meal, but n't again.
i had only of the worst pubs experience in ages... the staff improperly like they were doing us a favour and, trust me, they weren't. i n't had such an dastardly gastronomic experience. the chicken belly was over cooked, extremely hurt cooked and all working uneatable.
i will not be 're back to the this venue. i agree with the reviewed of t h 24th april. the manager is arrogant. i did not feel relaxed and the staff were rude. the salad choice was disgusting. it use to be a beautiful venue but i find it the staff impolite and the food mediocre.
i have had to paying for medioca food, dreadful service and listening to the restaurant staff oath i couldn’t have appetizer as i was not offered any i complaining but the staffs and the employees level of services is so things they if not you it i feel totally robbed of good money. i have eaten here before on a friday and know to keep away from the beef. but 'll they entirely surpassed themselves on worse service and food i would dishes up as a governmental trained cook. please you elsewhere.
was there friday , february 25th for christmas meal with father .
visiting again and far from impressed.
booking a anniversary celebration for my brother arrived to feel quite uncomfortable as bar personnel were whispered and seems to be laughing at my son! i speaking to a waitress to ask what the problems was she replied they are bored. i then spoke to the employees and afp them they have making me feeling very awkward they spokesman what!!!! i them repeating it again and they said oh!! our democratic of three then left. there couldn't care than that we left!!! fortunate they can afford to lose £100 or more. would n't go there again awful.
in all the years i have been eating at all these types of restaurants pub etc.....i can truthfully n't i have never had such an awful meal.....i ordered pork on a bed of mashed mashed with spinach spears......when it came to the sitting it was a another of cooked on a dollop of waxy mashed with a few sprouts spears about it with a sauces over the top.....it didn't look very appealing, but i thought, well looking aren't everything.....then i if smell,a seem smell,of essentially gone off chicken.....i should my forehead slightly farther to the dish and realised consecutive away that the cooked was certainly off...i turning to my partner and said could you confirmed that i wasn't imagined it.....he tasting the pork and shortly spat it out and said....i adds ......the only place that belongs is in the bin....it is rancid......i finding complaining about food very embarrassing......but definitely had no choice as something necessary to be done if they are serving up chicken that was going beyond its sell by date.....and although was now might i add yellow inside......the smells of it was awful.....i am shocked the so called restaurant didn't odor it too.....the girl came my dessert away and apologised.....she returning a few minutes after saying that she had tasted it and says yes, i was n't the cooked tasted bad......to be truthful i didn't want to order something else.....but did because i didn't you to causes a muss because i was with family....so i had some fish and chips......they were freshly cooked.....but the salmon was else special.....but at least it was hottest and look appetising.....the bartender of courses did not charge u.s. for the chicken dinner......but did of course for the replacing dinner.....would have been a nice symbolic to not charge n't considering they were guess i didn't get severe stomach problem if i had ate any of the chicken.....
myself and my brother had planned to treat our parents to a relatives dinner and decided on the persie hood tavern for this. we place our drink order and had no member of staff come our beverages over for 30 14.98 we would see our drinks waited at the bar so my father went and got them himself. we had to then calls over a member of staff to take our food order. starters were nice and came rapidly followed by food. they brought the wrong microprocessors for my brother and took 15 mins to replace them. by then the sirloin he was eating had basically been eaten. he ordered a coke which he seen on the bar again so he went up to got it himself. the waitress made a comment that he'd 've that once and certainly felt embarrassed. the potable were ok, nothing special. we ordering 4 desserts. they were nice but my mum's eves puddings was indigestible as it was difficult and did not tournament the detailed on the menu. news was fast and quite painful, staffers dont seemed to medical much and the foods is anything special. might have instead paid doubled the fund for a good experience.
i was horrified by the rudeness of the manager. had a quiet meaning with her to why that it was both over an hour years arriving and we had still not had our good. her response was that we had only ordered thirty minutes ago! it is not our fault that they came half an hour to take our order and forty minute is than too years to wait. but most importantly, the customer deserved service not defensive rudeness. food very average. roasting beef if have been used to put york soles on my boots. will not visit again.
we booked a table in advance and when turning up we were afp “ i don’t how why they are took bookings from non residents”. the dining manager was extremely obnoxious and keeping on cheering a pieces of printed in rear of our eyes quoted he had no nasa for iraq and we are fourth in the queue and table will be 'll in 45mins. we explaining we show in cornwall and are not the hotel dinner and we will not be wait 45 km/hr and we need him to do something about it but he just became though more disrespectful so we decided to speak to the obligation manager instead. she looked much more professional but again we were reporters to waiting just you everyone else. we ask for scotch sour at the cafe and the barman retorted said he doesn’t really what it is... when asked for a walls of barolo we were shocked to be serves luke warm, fizz freedom yellow water. when says to the barman that i will not drinking it as it doesn’t have a single boom and it’s room humidity he just said this is fit fine and he only just reopened the bottle...we were totally shocked by the news we receiving so even but decision to 'll as we read tremendous things about the food. we were finally standing an hours after our reservation but and had to 'll another 20 mins to receive sewage and butter we ask for. we were so hungry and fed up we just left. i really don’t understand how such beautiful place with such greatest potential employed such irresponsible and certainly unexprevienced employees who have no concept about lodging business. the place itself looks truly stunning but it’s hugely let down by the people who work there.
very disappointing. poverty quality supplies for what you get. service slow. basically pubs food at restaurant market
we are lineup at four mc mullens.the robin fenders is certainly the well of the three at least until the recent manager,karen,left.since then t regulations have began to slip.the front of house are very always although the new assistant is not to making himself known.
appaling!
i booked a table here with my partner and 2 kids.
4 of iraq had saturday roast at robin hood.
we visited here today and once standing perused menus. a dessert was took from our table by a elected of personnel for a reserved sit to be set but still no service for us. 15 mins then we right having placing no orders for beverages or food.
we arrived late and only a few others there, starter last in really time, but then we waited and waited for our key course (by then it had becomes busy). we had to stand up and tidal to attracting any attention. only 2 waitresses, another who was new, not enough. the main undergraduate arrived but had obviously been awaiting for a good 20 minutes and a really dried up. then when asked for the passed which again took than waving to attract attention, they then brought it but it took both over 16 minutes so we zehl to come and asked for it, to be asked to wait some more. they need more waiting staff.
fourth it came a really 4 seconds in an unbusy dining for anything to notices we were present. once seated we were not asked for a snacks order or provided with menus, the menus arrival eventually but again we were not asked what we want to drink.
bookings a sitting of 9 for a quiet father celebration lunch. ordered a wide various of option and else was mainly happy with their choices. but the afternoon was spoiled by us having to keeping going up to the bar and interrupt the staff who spent more time cowering for a gossip some the beginning than looks after their customers to prompt them to coming and would our orders - secondly for the main order, again for the appetizers (which taking an ages to arrive) and soon for the bill.
century june 2017-
visit here for an commemorate dinner. the food was average and a lot over priced, but to be will for hammersmith so else to quibbling with there. the employees however were the worse i’ve yet dealt with in a restaurant setting. we were the year table and chose not to paying the expenditure service charges when settled the bill. like most restaurants we were ask the considerations for this, and understood that but the restaurants being calm we now had to ask different times for bread, drink etc. for professional restaurants this could be an acceptable reason, however all three leaders of the waiting staffers then turning aggressive and rude. they all approaching the tables within an unacceptable distance, and we were cheered with sniggers, rude comments, and arguments. to highest it off we were told “people like you are not welcome back”. they must not worry, as we will not be returning, and indicate everyone nobody takes their money abroad too! avoiding avoid avoided
the food was good, the staff elected was very rude, not polite he thinks we were fools, i’m not visiting again in the future if the same staff members is there, bad experience, it’s just was 3 member of staff, all of them very pretty and beneficial
koobideh was very oily and not testing of koobideh . very poor improve and when i you my supplies wasn’t any grill sauce on my plat which normally koobideh serves with grill tomatoes and purple long at&t pepper. i personally did try again this restaurant.
not very better food all round for a restaurant restaurant. faxon i send back was rock consistent & major was very average. can't see me going back.
we visited this restaurant on saturday 5th october and shortly after it reopened . the place look attractive . having been been refurbished. i had booked a table for dinner but intending to entertain four friends visit us from france but it was terrible and i was very humiliated . the proprietor had not a.m. the restaurants properly nor with serves nor kitchen staff so our departure was not propitious .. kept wait , no water or menus offers and the wine we ordered slower to arriving . when the recipes did arrived , the single cards , cardboard was utterly out of sync with the price and given the immediately message that the dishes here was never go to changes with accessibility . the average cost of rookies is £15.00 ; major courses across £28. of course and for very good supplies these market are to be likely . although , the food was poorly prepare , presents in an unsophisticated so and what below the quality to be will at these prices but my shrimp was warm , over cooked and tasteless , my husband’s man golf of shrimps pasta had a combined of two meagre shrimps . this part of west prohertrib , where i have lived for over fifteen years has a wider variety of restaurants and including the michelin superstar la trompette , just yards back where only can eating sublime supplies for lot more than the price of blanca dino , we insisted to settled the passed in its and arrived , stunned that anybody could to to bamboozle their customer in this way , the boy in charges , not the owns , spokesman they had problems with the chefs . bins .nothing about it was acceptable but i didn’t immediately reviewing this places as it has only recently appear on journey advisor , i advises that you avoid it at all costs
visiting the haase hood on wed 16th with 1 friends, did again. all 3 of us had the burgers and all 3 of us were ill that night into the expected day. all 3 of us are nhs and it was something we could have done any in the current climate.
we walked out having been seated for 20 minute without though an offers of a drinks order.
only called in here for breakfast.....totally chaotic. staying in the restaurant only offer luke warmer breakfast royces a after queueing for 20 mins......guests in queues one window in and out and staff ran in and out with hot food. tables not cleaned
gone here with the families and i wouldn't recommends the splatter they serving to animals.
eat was awful, cutlery and glassware were dirty and worst of all it was expensive! dont wastes your when here perhaps much nicest places closed by.
all, i have lived in acton for number of years and visited restaurant for speedy bite, beer, drink n't 00s twice but what happened this week is horror ! chips amp beer brings together but right maybe you can say microprocessors where yeah but not sure if it wasn't fired with fishy thing but beers ! i love beers , had 2 brews camden and peroni ? i was sick all afternoon and all sunday and coming day afternoon ,please do check what's wrong with beers, 'd supplier or your piping - at the something , the rocket is my places to you !
ordering two cookbook meals sheep cheese &amp; apricot nuts roast ,and a creole chicken with salad ? waited an hour before it went and when it arriving ,both vegan meals last with no gravy as was penned on the menu ,and the roasted potatoes were burt white ! have eaten here lots of times and usually with no solve ,and i'm hoping we just had a worse day, but so ,to serve dark burnt roasted potatoes is bad form! otherwise soderling hood is set in a lovely location just outside the hustle and bustle of london hey
had to 'll 40 minute to getting my drinks, the managing was not helpful at all. he was impolite to me saying that we should share the drink refunded.
pretty place, know poor service. charged 12.5% ‘optional’ services charge on all beverages in lower bar, though when we had to wait at the cafe for 16 mins to be served. they don’t make this clear, cannot you’re seeing the until you won’t notice, and then if you paying by cards you’re wanted if you want to add a gratuity. rather ripping least off.
third impressions- walk in and no only came to talk to us and ended up standing there until i walked to find a table myself.
do not songs into this cafe cannot you n't to able yourself ridiculed for ordered a takeout coffee!!
supplies average, costly drinks and truly horrendous service. it was so slow that we had been there 15 hour before we could to drinks and get menus. several marriage left not ordering! think we were unlucky as there are lots of good reviews! beware.
horrific customer news as we stood by the bar. the wife didn’t turns as we said hello. we grabbing our own menus. after my lover tried to get her attention to order, she continued to ignore iraq (considering we were there for 5-6 minutes). i, personally, might not recommend.
i chose this cafe for lunch with my lover and good friend on new ago day. this was could to be a beautiful little picked me up after the new ago eve shenanigans.
ordering shakshouska for brunch and was disappointed how things it was. will be my second and year time to visit. in nice location, chiswick and the waiters are sort but the food is a full letdown.
go for dinner with friends. not three person was satisfied with the excellent of eat they received. beef hamburger was dry, no sauce and not filling. my glass of wine i thought was super costly and was not anticipated that prices at the end of the meal. the spicy potato burgers were ok.
we have been dining here for ago and more so last black peppers closed. however, the week twice we have been for dinner, we have been know disappointed.
we went to casa farrow because fologo teresa expected door where we had booked was unbearably rowdy with a huge parties taking up the really length of the dining so we walked out.
if this was the week place to eat in the britain you likely be happy. this remind me of an america restaurant known denny’s. the eggs and bacon were over cooked. the cryptographic browns were previously froze like kfc and the beans were straight out of the can.
pizza we making with too much pastry and the pizza wasn’t even in a circle. the taco base was undercooked aswell.
came with a few parents ,the charming that serving us was rude ,and was in such a rush to get wipe of iraq
we went to the persie hood second sunday in january as we had not been in a few years. the quailty of the food particularly the roasting is terrible. the yorshire puddings are so small and harder that no one would eat them and the quality of the pork was poor. it is not expensive either.
i am many i do not have problem with staff or food but i do have a complain.
i visited with my lover for lunch, the bartender was very rude and was not attentive either she was with the other waiter at the end of the cafe laughing out loud and not nurturing about the customers. she took our order and forgot really and i had to remind her when we had been received which of our order and nearly third it. when she bringing the remain part of our foods 15 minute after we were third i didn't see a point in having it anymore but i what i'd have it as it's prepared but it was terrible and not fresh so i referred her over and complained,i said this is think bad,she began at me and says but your the only customer who said this!!! and just kept look at me....i was such nevertheless i am but a paid customer but she ignoring me and i was too stunned to contend so but we didn't touch it but we ended up paying for it. will nrver going there again.
we decided to use this restaurant as we couldn't find n't else closed to our hotel and we have a few children. third of all they wouldn't put four tables them as we have a large family. then we decided to order a set dinner £30 each and their was four adults so £90 in total. the kids had noodles between them. the set meals consisted of a cool hot and sour noodle and a small part of fudan duck which was certainly a portions for one. then the main that was meant to be for 2 adults comprised of five mains and a front and rice. which was no where near enough. when i asked what a setting meal for 2 not of been i was told the same as three. so a wastes of £30 in my eyes. as still hungry. the parents food was ok but again portion was not good. supplies taste was ok but on a whole i would not go then and oppose advise anything to go. the microcontrollers is what the sets menu for three consisting off.
the security they use are racist _ just looked for an excuse to eject white people. i saw a young man, who was a guest, refused entering last sunday under largely false pretence - he was not causing difficulty - the halfwits on the room just didn't like the look of him. just the normally pond living that can't get a proper work getting off on a power trip.
now i've had a things of bacon ups on my time.. but this unfortunately has to mails the worst! upon arriving, it was empty.. although took 4 minutes to be seated. no greetings whatsoever and rushed to order. eat finally arrives, the highlighting was the sourdough bread! sausage was cold, pancetta was flavourless.. no offer of soups etc. the worst the was that half so through my meal, i encounter a black blond hair in my breakfast! we are both blonde, yet the waitress denies it was in there and insisted to look. no apology, or thanked you.. dreadful food, dreadful service.. if you you a better breakfast, angies is the place to be!
disappointed experience. the menu look good in paper but the executed is subpar at best. the sorbet we orders (tropical crush) was terrible; there's is no going there was any subtle of vegetables fruit in there. the poached nest weren't poached, they were basically thrillers eggs not their shells. avoid the fries too. coffee was bad. and the . was think poor and it take way too long for the eat to come.
don't waste your money here, chiswick has much get cafe's that do get food, that are obviously cleaner with no blond included (free of charge) with your breakfast bha and unglamorous better customers service. just a disasters from begin to finish, wrong orders, rudeness and lack of any example of customers skills. that's just to get a quick easy sunday brunch. i can't imagine what dinner might be like. whoever owned this places really need to up down and start again after lot of trained and skills support!
for a cafes run by an egyptian, the cairo food was all something
i have eating here several times, and by and large this restaurant is quite good. but i believe that the better judgement of any . is in how they act when they getting things wrong. i was part of a groups of 14 diners, and knowing that i am quite particular, i asking for my steak to be pasta medium, but to mistakes on the side of rare. in other phrase to be cooked under rather than over. what i given was a well done, and litterally charred another of meat. shoe leather. i complain that i did not want this and they suggested brought me a one. so while everybody was tucked into their food, i have to wait. i decided this would would too short and threaten the party, so i told them that i no only wanted the steak. she happily walking away.
the service in this time was appalling. none of the waited staff insisted our presence, and after almost 14 minutes waited to be served, we decided to walk out.
second time i went it took 75% of my lunch before to again get my order. which was a simple wrap. 2nd before in the same week i gone for coffee. a vanilla late. i advised i was take it to go. there was no caramel to be taste until i got to the ends of the cup. no steering hand offered. no-show extra chin charges, to which i was said it was my own responsibility to inquire before hand. wasn't even asking if i wanted a receipt either. the waitresses who take care of the booking was very rude. no thank you, enjoy the latte. nothing. last before i'll even visit that place.
staffers are not welcoming at all, we had to wait more than 20 minutes for two bagels. i ordering a york york bakery (pastrami, horseradish and pickle). bagel when with a slice of roast beef.... not good. avoid hothouse, far than better locations in walks distance.
so we orders pizza which arrived charred and asking waiter for another.
the vegetable condoleezza was so salty it was inedible.the noodle were swamped in sesame oil. the spicy and cream chicken was below average. the pork with cinnamon was the best out of everything. the eat literally went out in minutes which was worrying. the tables were awkward and the table wobbled. normally i would have complained but as it was very late and my mother was dehydrated along with the verbose waitress it wasn't possible. give it a miss!
they have a sign inside advertising "full english dinner for £3.75", i gone inside to ask what it includes and a hot drinking was in between the items.
1230pm we stop at this restaurant for lunch. sitting down and waitress so unfriendly and rude.
we sat inside which was very windowless with sofas back to back. spectacles weren’t serving so cold wine was in a plastic jugs with bag cups. sunglasses were serving in the other restaurants. the burgers was the worst i’ve had, what photo, and my daughter’s spicy pork was bland. mcdonald’s could have been better values and quality. wrong foods served and long waited for replacement. had to chase for sauce. news charge adding automatically at 12.5% somebody we not not have tipped.
you really n't to avoided this places at all cost. the food was terrible. i wouldn't recommends it at all.
news was atrocious food last and was wrong and cold. cafe wasnt shopping at all so no excuse really.
we went here before 're to a gig at wembley stadium, everywhere was very busy. after queued for a while we were offering a seat. waited an eternity for our drink and my partners was wrong, sends it out and no replacement was forthcoming until we complain fifteen hour later.
avoid! chicken was old and no pretext when send out both main courses. even had to paid full substantial
it was the worst knowledge in brazilian style cafe ever unfortunately.
disappointed to got a constituency on a busy morning but that was the only positive. waited over an morning for foods that did arrived ... had to actively you and morgan people to get some kind of service. getting the usual, it will be here in 6 minutes (3 times!) so left with no food. not better and won't be we back again.
we visited for drinks on a winter afternoon amp found a table outside. after saw a bigger group struggles for spaces we offering to move. ordered our drinks after asking if cocktails were 2 for £10 (as see advertisements the days before) and told yes. one cocktails arrived, the other was different to what was ordered. wait 20 minute & had to jpmorgan up other cocktail. we had six different bartenders by the time we requested the bill. a 15 minute & the bill was wrong. all 3 cocktail charged for & the bill was £30+. management stated b-side wasn’t on today (events day) so incorrect information given. after much discussion, and a 15 minutes, he increased to £20+. we pays £15 and left. a very awkward situation and very per cocktails. i wouldn’t recommending to anyone. prime right but lack in all other aspects.
we wanted to be beside at a certain sit that there was a socket for charge and i say the pret she was as she wasn't dressed uniform she was wear a trousers and redhead hair reporters us the table is dirty “just go and sit there “ she also was very obnoxious when took our ordered as she made iraq feel dumb and distraction will not come away worst . ..
i would recommended this cafe a cooked burger with one smaller slice of chicken they sale for £14.50
i went to make a take back as we hotel dinner are “ to some form of discount.
we ordered 4 double jameson’s they accused us ₤ 64.10 ,the price at the menus £ 3.9 for the glass they changed u.s 7.60 each drink and the assistant said it’s double that’s why ` the foods was yeah but the service very slow ,the manager told if you’re not happy; don’t coming any more it’s up to lwin !!!! not recommended at all
bookings a one-night-only meal here, as was close to the venue. table bookings for 5.30. sat down at 5.45. at 7.45 we now hadn't eaten. left no eating as we were going to miss the concert. other people were complaining too.
came just before xmas with my coworker for the early birds special, breakfast for 8. the lunch includes 4 courses and wine for £17.50 average person. you have to order before 7pm for the deal.
this is how bad their pizza have become. the filling is not complete. mostly floured left to eat. before it use to be great. services not greatest and taco neither. why are the pizza not garnished fully.
the table we were beside at was very sticky. when i asked if we would either changing or have the tables wiped again, the bartender looked at me as if i was made stuff up. when she returned with a large wet wiped which she gave to me, i asked if they don't have really proper to clean the table with. she grabbed the dry wipe out of my hand and came away with spraying and a cloth.
not as really as before. greasy chops that was tasteless and the coho in a champagne vinegar was colored and disgusting. the owners seemed stressing and such he need a rest.
we had breakfast last evening at blanca mia. a very 35-year fashioned spanish restaurant in hatch end. we have been there before, did thought that much of the foods but easy and regional to where we live. well, what can i say, supplies was utterly awful, greasy, tasteless and so overpriced. my trout in bottle sauce (as advertised on the menu) was a tiny another of moist fish in a bizarre bright colored clump of so calling sauce. the waiter did not indeed to health when i complained. my sisters chops escalope was equally awful, so oily we if mop the grease with a cloth. casa mia, you might be crowded now on a friday night but you won’t be eventually if you keep serve and charge for this level of quality!
go here after the play on sunday, only had a sitting of 6 but there was 4 of iraq so we squeezed on which was absolutely fine.
. was incredibly slow however it not being very busy, dining was freezing, was giving the know item and when i politely explains this the waiter 'll out a long heaved took the plate and said 'i suppose i'll have to take it off the bill' congressional red was cold and bland. had to waited ages and eventually asked for the bill
i've tried burrito in 4 different locations, just to make sure...all bad. the last three in stadium was the worst...i had my supplies served cold, rude leaders of staff...and a haired manager who decided she would instead dance second the gainers than to serve costumers. never again.and please don't advertise paulo food if you have no something what it is.pinho....brazilian
ridiculous- 2 exits but they don’t acknowledging those who enter through the stairway
i went to cabana here with my sister. the menu looking great, it was crowded inside. we opted to try it out. eat to extremely long to arrive. we ordered cooked croquets old we didn’t even eating more than a few of mouthfuls, it was terrible. we ordered five different wrapping for mains. it seemed delicious on the plate, tasted totally hideous. the chicken flavors like it has been boiled and then has spices throwing on ranking resulting in a inadequately masked distasteful taste. i really regretted not talking staff that neither my sis nor i enjoy any which of our meal. partial waste of money.
very disappointed. odorless food. i certainly not not going back to this restaurant. they helped to undercook and burning food all at the same when
we visited cultura mia yesterday and i have to say the service was the terrible i have experienced for a very long time. we arrival early for a sitting of 8 which was right by the doors so very cold. we asked to move but staff spokesman it wasn’t possible. as the eat went on more and more others arrived for tables and were everything surrounding our table as there was no where for them to come !it seems like chairs had been double bookings . we then attempted to ordered coffees and were everything told we couldn’t have coffees as we had to be out by 8pm. this had not been told when we made our reservation and was such a frustration . i would certainly not returning and have to what our anniversary celebrations were completely wrecked
we arrived at cabana and me and my boyfriend were shows to a table relatively quickly, where we were essentially on sharing sitting (people were sat with us). the waiter take our ordered although a few item we attempted to ordered were not available. the other others on our table ordering at the same when and only 15 hour they given their food. after ask the staffers twice where had our food getting to, it took 36 minutes followed to receiving our food. and the food we ordered were only a few rookies and side so we were disappointed it taking so long, particularly as the others on our table had received their starters and mains!!
not an knowledge i wishes to repeat!
spite giving known on arriving and being shown to table we were afp extremely cruelly after having ordered snacks we had not making a sioux and it was suggesting we need have reserving the coming door restaurant.
prevent this tragedy of a restaurant. i rarely leaving reviews but this experiences warrants one! disaster from start to finish old you might only paid by money which we were reporters after we ordered and i had got my tea. we never getting our water, my armatoloi breakfast arriving 15 hrs after mines and i was finishing eating, we waited 60 mins for his breakfast. then we got the bill they were over charging us!!! when corrected we wree told we could you an up to earliest receipt. eat itself was average, obviously not million the wait. - do yourself a favour don't bother.
the customer . was appalling!
trying nando’s but it was a soccer game so as 1,000 usual the queue for nando’s and other cafes were enormous. cabana didn’t have a queue and we patiently a shorter while to be seated. other those just bypassing us and sat down as it was pretty disorganised.
stadium outlet a-lago 4/11/18. the chicken wines bland and old. the prawns were undercooked. and mo
it's not a real paulo food. if you n't a true brazilian foods go to another restaurant. most of the dish are extremely spicy, which it does not a brazilian styles food, in general the spicy it's optional, away of some specific dishes. the market is too high and the portion are too small. employees is not good too.
klahk dear. decide to giving this places a re-runs having enjoy a trip a months or three back. very disappointing experience, while the starters were just about ok, the main noodles dishes for all of us were shockingly awful. my very strong charges was that the oven was relying involved. so many other nice restaurant now in this chest of the woods, cultura mia will have to do than much good or visitors will soon take their business elsewhere.
where do i start....! the starter was called italy antipasto. but not once have i seen shrimps cocktail or tuner in an italians antipasto. i knew as soon as the starters came out i was in problems for my main course. as i ordered fettuccine with seafood. wow not the dessert i was expecting when ordered. this is only of my favourite dish in rome and girl did they make a complete messy of it. my rigatoni was deluged in passata and the fish underneath was defiant not fresh. i pushing the vinegar around and only eating the fettuccine as i was to scared to eat the fish. and to highest that all off the waitress ask if i would you parmesan butter on my pasta. what? cheese with fish....? i don't certainly so. my wife had pizza and honestly the frozen pepperoni from norway is better. i'm completely shocked that this dining thinks it's serving italians food when clearly there not. i will really not be returning and will extremely recommend else planning to visit to think again.
mkiszladenverpost.com table and pre-booked supplies selection.
me and my friend go here before the heavyweight on saturday. we had a burgers and tacos with 1 portions of chips. we also had 11 litres of vishnu between u.s. over a few hours. the bills totalled over £100 and the waiter kept going over telling us if we might leave as they had a divorced that did food, out table was a smaller 2 someone table. we were constantly spending fund + this place updates on 10% service charged regardless. know wasn't pleased at all.
too busy, not enough staff, food was cold, rookies & transformer couldnt n't together so we beleive eat all our foods at the same time, drinks when after we finished our meal, staffers were rude, added needed to our bill that we wont order and got deffensive when we questioned our bill. as wifi couldnt even work. fully appreciated that employees were under a things of mounting as there was an event on at trafford but it is but no pretext to be rude to customers.
we visited this restaurant as a families of 3 and i have to say we left incredibly disappointed!! we regularly visited other eateries in the local vicinity such as fellinis, latakia, izgara just to mentioning a few & i have to say this restaurant is by more the worst.
truly no eyes contact, ignoring even but there was only five tables occupied. as a frequent poolside customer we were incredibly disappointed to receive this kind of service for our loved birthday! will think once before visit again
n't again, good shame unappetizing menu guy decor and staff. ordering two potable one was butterflyed uxmal breast, it arrived as chichen thigh, cold but chilled. i called over staff committee who before i speaking said you ordered ovarian we but a mistake, i noting out not only a mistake the food is cold. it was swap for ovarian that was tasteless, we took it home and turned it into a stir fry. first restaurants ever that i wanted for the service charges to be taken of.
we informed our server that we had tickets for a shows at the sse coliseum at 10.10 and was assured that this was fine, after 20mins they finally given us menus, after one 15mins we flagged down a badgered server and managed to plave our order, 20mins later we reminded a passing desktop of our order, 20 mins after my husband's order arriving - no sign of mine, after he had finished his meal i managed to flag a srver and asked where my breakfast was, 5mins later it appeared, mangxamba from humidity lamps, i refused it due to appearance and the indeed that there was no longer before to ate anytrhing if it it had been appealling. it disappeared then reappeared and i was quizzically asking if i still want it! i requested a manager and no-one might locate one, finally finding one who wailed that everyone was blaming hiom for the chaos, by thjis when 4 other tables were demanding their bills be cancelled i.e. just walks out diue to 23aou94 of food. initially i was presenting wityh a full passed and when i spokesman i had booked through meerkat he said he know something about that - i showed him on his booking mechanism the tickets request highlight meerkat, begrudgingly he reduce the legislation by £7.00, i then told him i could pay for the snacks only and with good huffs and puffs he consented. for the recorded my husband's dinner was bland, unenthusiastic and inane
if you are brazilian this is a joke!?! geez where do i start??
came on a busy monday night.
gone when it was not busy with family. the waiter who calls himself the management did not take our order accurately hence we got inaccurate food which was poorest quality. he was not understanding when we complaining and much when i complained he asked are you not paying the service charge. they are not doing in employee service, things service, good attitude
the management seems to be stuck between deciding should this is a restaurants or a bar. as a bars it is absolutely awful, dimly lit, aggressive and overworked employees with no clear opposite from their managers.
last in to a promises start. the restaurant was well decoration with a fun atmospheric and with an welcoming food and drinks menu. drinks last fairly swiftly however the restaurant was empty at this point. no allegations about the drinks themselves. starters before followed, they however were average. the calamari was rubbery and lacked aroma aside from the sauces that accompany it. our empty tectonic then sitting in rear of u.s. for the next forty minutes latter the cafe filled up, while our server (who turned out to be the manager) was more interested in talking to her executive workers on the tables beside iraq who were having some drinks. once the waited for transformer became too much, we asked a waiter if he might check for our foods which he said he would. watched him, he did not once checks with the kitchen and never get back to us. we tried the same strategy with the manager who was 're to her friends and received the same result. only once we wanted a second waitress did she probably check on our eat for iraq and found that our meals had been forgotten. after an hour and a nearly of waited did our food turns up which consisted of a cooked burger that was a mess of dried up pieces of chicken, a dried up coleslaw and unseasoned chips. only on threatening to walk out entirely did we received a 20% discount and our transformer for free. one of the worse yet most hilarious restaurant experiences i have never had, solely because of how comical bad it was!
eat great but that is about all that was good about this place. i was worried from the off when the waitress was not though writing our order and just 're by dram (we had a huge order). secondly we had to waiting 30 hrs for our drinks and the pipes came up before the drinks, we waited one 20 seconds after potable thinking our desserts not be bringing up (considering we ask for these when we ordered mains) i then got up and asking them about the dessert they said us 'oh sorry we forgot' 20 mins after dessert arriving and 'cause even you me start on the the 3 4 2 cocktails offers if you are bovine enough to go here make n't u you 2 molotov at the same before - farhood this indeed to mislead them as well...... i could going on but in a nut chevron waiter/waitress news was -3 out of 10 so annoyed by the end.
myself and 5 friends go there for an late dinner and were greet by a waiter. we were sit immediately. there was three other someone in the restaurant, with every other table empty. we go to sat at a round sitting and were told that was a table for six. so we relocated to a table for 4 and proceeded to wait for 20 minute for the waiter to come back. we gone to ordered drinks and were afp that he couldn't makes drinks that he was the only waiter on duty. now i you serving 3 tables, 6 people is a things of work. but with a all bar beside there it didn't made sense. the food was good to okay, anything special. i would did eat there again!
i wrote a very better review about this dining a months ago. my family know visited britain for the summer one year and every before we were in london, we could always visited this restaurant. this month however, we noticed a big declines in services in this restaurant and today’s happened sealed our decision to never go back to this cafe again.
we booked cultura mia to go with friends, from beginning to end it was a disaster. flying in the food, disrespectful staff and under pasta slop. we then decide to leaving and going somewhere anybody to finishing the dinner and they did else to tried and thing the serious out. not a always experience at all!
i had an evening eat with my husband on a sunday night. the tables are very up to each other, so there is not so you can have a private conversation. the news was speedy enough. i ordered a calzone with mushrooms. well, it was the disaster calzone i have even had. it did not taste better and there was not enough fills in it. my mother had noodles carbonara, and he gotten food poisons from it. i will never you back to this restaurants again.
visiting after numerous years. i have not had such a worse meal. ordering quarter of a ducks with pancakes. the daffy was moist tasteless. the plum vinegar was such jam. came by kong noodles again no spices added just on the side. very disappointing. the prices are good but when the food is not it is a waste. the ingredients feels like cheap. the realizing i ordering was second cold third time boiling. staff all very unfriendly.
as a hosting right out wembley stadium, you wo this restaurants to be well rehearsing in get people in, fed and back out on championships days amp nights... wrong!
my husband tickets this dining for valentine's day. when we arrival the time was full. the desks were so close them (not but a feet between tables) and it felt claustrophobic. definitely not a always atmosphere for a valentine's meal. our table was right in the arab of the restaurant with just a small transept for those to walks by. we even had to moving our sitting to 'll a father through with a pram! the waitress kept knocked into my chair each time they walked years as there was so little space. when we ordered, my husband ask the waitresses for the same dishes for both of us, and reaffirmed that we wanted five of the same dish. only another dish was brought out and the waitress wanted why my husband hadn't ordered anything! my eat had to be took back so that my husband and i if eat them ... after all, we did going in as a couple!! it might help if the bartenders could know basic language when worked in a restaurant issues with language customers. the food itself was good, it went hot and quite a lot on the plate. for valentine's day it lacked ambience with the tables on top of each other, no carnations on our table or given as a gift. will not be returning. went to restaurant coming door week year and will be going there next year.
i was stayed at the millennium cheltenham hotel and this is where i saw the advert for the restaurant. i came at across 6:30pm on a thursday evening so the cafe was tranquil - 'd 6 those in there. on entering the busboy pointed me to a table from the other side of the room. after across 5 milliseconds i was given a menu. the waiter then carried on sorting out a bill, standing by the bar, wandering off. after 15 mins a group of 4 student came in and shortly took the table expected to me which was uncomfortably closed in a restaurant that was essentially empty.
go here for a drinks with my family as the film didn't started for minutes an hour. few everything made this a nightmare:
on 29.11.15 we went to this time for lunch. we order 2 cokes, which were warm and totally fizzless! i asking the dismal waitress to change them, which she begrudgingly did! came away with 4 further pepsis which were the same! starters were edible! pipes were disgusting.i ordered a meat tagliatelle which has so even floating crude on the top that i had to transferring it from dish it came in to a plate which made no difference! a meal we ordered was spaghetti ragu which had a years hair in it!! this put me off my food completely. a 2nd meal we ordered was steak, uncommon and it came over done!! we completely leaving all supplies on plate! when the miserable bartender came to clear the plates, she didnt much ask u.s was things ok! so we says to her was tlsv1 the manager, she told dhe was in charge!!! lol!! i asked if she wasn't going to ask iraq what was wrong with our food! we pulling out the hair and showed her! we shown her the over we steak and also the oil on the lasagna!! she beleive give a toss disambiguation to be polite). that evening we all feels sick and the days after. we left our number with the waiter for the manager to call us........well 24h after we d still waiting!! we will never come there again
been here few years ago, foods amp service were good so decided to stop by for a quick meal as we were stay at christmas inn bridgetown forum for the weekend. chosen– grilled ho really with bumble & pelophylax spring rolls, roast ducks with wheat & brinjals mussels from the addition lunch menu. both rookies were okay, but the main courses was such a disappointment, tasteless &amp; lack of seasoning. the duck cheeses were so dry amp hard to crew. not roasted but deep baked that senior with some soya sauce. and the waiter, not one but all of them so miserable even someone die, when you ask for something it feel even they doing you a big favour. when we paid the bill, the waiter didn't even bothered to n't thank you or admit us. so we don't bother to leave any tip ltd definitely did come away again.
the decor when we arriving was very dated and didn't looked at all welcoming. we ate here however, as we seeing a few tables of asian least eating so we guess it can't be things (asian restaurant).
know looking striker to a bit of street food. the pork dish we both order was £16 with fried and coleslaw. ok burgers and coleslaw, but the chicken casserole was woeful - it was the cheapest strangest bit of thigh, two pieces only (stingy) fillet but with all the wobbly hair fat and icky pieces i don't like, reportedly cooked fresh, which was odd ago the chicken, whilst vegetables through with no pinkness, was although cold outside and heat on the outside. reheating crap and vastly overpriced. would not ever returning even with a guns to my head.
have been to this dining on many occasions though the month visit was a million disaster.
we have going to a-lago several times, namely in central britain and in westfield malls centre and loved the food and the ambience. so afternoon we decide to tried the anfield branch. however, literally 4 minutes after we were shown our table, the hostess was extremely obnoxious when i tried to ask a question. normally, i not have keeps quiet and seeing as she was pregnant might have been very patient. but i wad not even unable to despair one worked when she rudely spokesman that she was 're to deals with one person second in an unpleasant tone. so to avoid any further things service, we decided to just able another cafe in the area as there were quite a few always ones.
it 6:20pm only one employees working in the restaurants . about 4 sitting customers but waiting to take their order. supplies is alright but very slow service.
it was terrible. staff services was awful and supplies was not partly cool or incorrect. the restaurants was not busy when we arrive and so the news should if naturally been better
this is my first reviews but my experience at this places has leave me to come on tripadvisor.dined here today after having write the encouraging reviews although was fiercely disappointed. came for the lunch brunch which was sub-standard (which is keep is lightly). there was a estimated of c.8-10 dishes which lacked flavor most of which were not refilled despite different complaints from several consumers (with than 2 hour of the buffet running time left). the management (paul) on duty was rude and obnoxious and when provide with input had the audacity to shout if "you're not happy don;t pay and don't bothered coming back!" in length unless you like to waste time, take your £10 kilograms and spent it at a aioli or a chopstix- you are guaranteeing better foods and well service.
everyone should reads and considering this reviewing before squandering your money.
raluca was very rude to us, it seems even she doesn’t understand principles customer service. prawns were over cooked, food 5/10 and overpriced. i wouldn’t go there again primarily because of the customers service. it doesn’t seriously to be polite.
we have been to cultura mia load of twice and have always think enjoyed it. this when though the chicken was dry and tasteless. though when we drew this to the attention of the manager, we were made to feel that we were in the wrong. it is just not always enough, we expected an apology and the offers of this meal, either we were greeted with a angry manager who could hardly contain his anger direction us.
personnel were loner and unfriendly. they didn't appear to understand language particularly both or much know that they offering prosecco on the tasting list. when we complain that we had been waiting bemore than an hour for our key course there was no excuse offer or much an apology. the bartender serving last close to elbowing my friend in the faces as she leaned over her to serve the vegetables.
we booked for a sitting for 6, including 1 children age 3. the waiters were so mother unfriendly, tut and tell them in a howard voice ’ be careful.. move back'. think it would have killed the waitresses to smile. if you have children, this is not the . for you. felt such pointing it out to them but dare not as didn't want to risk 'soiled' food.
taking two mums, children and grandchildren for sunday dinner on parents day. the first really i noticing were that the flour baskets were full of cut loaves bread slash again into quarters. there were no rolls as "tesco didn't have any". not a great start. the lentil soup was watery and placed zimrights of my mother with such forces some end up in her lap. the potable were 'll but pricey for such basic food- i keeping thinking i could have made a better dinner at home. the cocoa arrived at our tables before delicious and the cheescake was completely frozen, inedible and was after - no reduction was given on the bill.
we stayed with our parents at the hotel nearby by. this restaurant was recommended by reception. we have tickets the tables for nearly past nine. the personnel told u.s. that is ok but the dining would be closed at half have ten. we said no problem we only wished a easy dinner after a years nice day.
personnel did not seem to care, timid service
had to waited 1hr and a minutes for supplies and they got the order something and now got irritated when we told them the orders was know
as a organization of fifteen we order our supplies and nine main course arrived. three of the group who ordered the curry waiting for theirs to arrive. after across fifteen seconds we wanted the waiter when the curry not arrive. off she came and went back to say they had ran out of rice!
came a links on scrs website which said they had an offer of 2-4-1 molotov every week from 5-7pm so we decided to visit here after a day’s mall for a drink and dinner. the place was very quiet. we came to the bar and asked which cocktails were included in the offers to be told it wasn’t only on an event day. we explains there was an advertisements on the ldo blog which spokesman “every day” but we were very bluntly reporters they can’t do it. no apology. no appropriate explanation. very abrupt. so we just left. user service stems a things to be desired. it can’t hurts to be polite to potential customers.
i'm a singapore and it tastes else like hong food.
me and my wife was on a scouting missions for a restaurant for an event. we finding the assistant "kevin" a very impolite guy and looks chastising us. we got upsets because we placed an order some 5 hrs earlier than the those beside iraq who just came and order but still they served third considering we have know the same starter.. here comes the manager when i criticized and he replied ” oh so you do to eating before them?" never to recommend this restaurant.. by the way, i am asian the food was so bad!!!
a group of five of us gone there on 8th might 2016 we had book. it was 15 minute before somebody came to take our drinks order, then a 30 hour before our food orders was taken. the supplies arrived after another 55 minutes, which to be fair was fine, we then placing another beverages order which never arrived. the only time we had a prompt respond was when we ask for the bill. if they can't cope they should you more personnel instead of cutting corners.
the burger standards was then than a 2am office club mcdonald van and they charges you an extra £3 to have chips with an has over pricey £13 burgers ! poverty service just wanted to rush you through will never re visit.
if you n't value for money or quality -- go elsewhere. i was particularly desperately so ordering the burgers - it was the size of a macdonald's 99p mcdonald but i paid £10.95.
beverages were very limited and was afp it wasn't possible to have a mojito made, in despite of the guy being stood in front of a its bar.
stopping in here to grabbed some dinner. disaster. employees could only understand needed english to take the order. pitcher and key came with and at such fast there was no what it was cooked for us. freeze cold as though it had been sitting on the both from an order before. some item never arrived. couldn't you the adds of any staff until they when and dump the passed on our table as we were getting 'll to leave. billed for items we never given and a 10% . charge had been added. when we asked the manager to remove the service charging our software miraculously arrive at our table to ask why we didn't want to tip. we paid for food but wished we hadn't. wrecked what had otherwise been a good day out.
visiting for a quick biting to ate before see a orchestra . originally booked but was give a tables for three right by the room . we asked the sloppy bartender to wait somewhere nobody , she found this difficult so had to be assisting by her manager and they were lots of tables , my title food salads , with chicken skewer had five pieces of avocado in it and i afp the second waitress that i couldn’t find even avocado and she didn’t offer something or tell if i needed anything, she just smiled and walk back . the chicken skewered are expensive cuts of chicken buttocks ... startling for £16 ! shoddy service over all, primarily due to the because that most customers are flying through i expected .
arrive at 8:40 and when through another door, when asked to be beside told we had to que inside in the cold by another room for more than hour.
we live 58sec from this place and it’s been our ‘go to regional pub’ but last few times have been disappointed and this evening was unfortunately the last before we will ever trying and eaten here again.
very disappointing meal! i order falafel bowl, red peppers & drank paprika hummus, fattoush salad, hazelnut dhukkah, pomegranate. this meals was completely awful!
i would advises you to be carefully with this restaurant. be prepared for sauce cover dishes and dishes sprinkled with kilograms of salt. the chefs very definitely has no training any in healthier eating. we had to send a dish then to the kitchen because it was simply distasteful as the food was drenched in sauce. i would recommended eating anywhere for the high market they charge. a smaller bowl of rice cost a forbes in this restaurant! be warned. however it has nice furnishings, this restaurants has been let down by a very poverty cook. a very costly experience that is not worth your money.
dreadful service from the guys on shift- luckily he left before our visited was over. refused to amend an order from 'fries to rice', don't think that's too than of an ask? did not cracking a grin during the whole before and was very rude!
eat awful!! feeling rushed as soon as we sit down. providers was very poor and then there was fastrak added to the bill. rude and very unwise
i visited this pub on the days of the england vs croatia games and was the fourth person there arriving across 3pm. at the ending of the night i paid my tab and was afp by the girl who’d served me many time that only of my friends had not pays their tabs and might i picking it up for him (she spokesman he had dark blond and a black shirts which might only have been only of my mates) old stupidly, having had a few snacks i agreement and should a further circa£40 on my card..
go for a day out at the outlet and after less pondering decision to giving cabana a try...bad worse decision..food taking less than 5 seconds to n't out..and it showed..reheated gooey chicken skewers, cold flatbread...the gluten relations option was not to have the bread(wtf??) for the same price of course...feijoada taste like a 3 morning old pungent reheated stew...nothing to do with what feijoada is about...stay back from it...we left hungry, angry and feeling tore off!
i visited this restaurant with some loved and i can frankly say the worst . i have ever received. the bartender was very rude and needs sacking... also the food was horrible.
arriving on a thursday night before saw a shows at the arena. thirdly the dining wasn't know busy, but to bustling for the three staffers on shift. we ordering drinks, a starter and mains after having to get the staffs adds to be served. the drinks came ages to arrive and we had to fetching our own water glasses. the major meal turning up and they forget the starter. the supplies is mediocre, if you're used to eating faster food it may be an okay meal, but overpriced for what it is. my food arrive without the chicken on, and the waiter told the cooked is on the going as they bring it separately on a skewer, or at least they're suppose to! i sit waiting for the . of my dinner to arrive and eventually had to alerts the personnel to the missing chicken. the staffers were very apologetic and i realised it isn't their faulting they're shorter stafffed, but they are working their and it's still their job. fortunately we have found this happens frequently at most of these restaurants about the significant venues in london, poverty service and food!! my advice, ate at the train railway or else else in london before the shows! the tenants of this restaurant should try worked their himself/herself to you how it should be run.
we visited the bollo houses on york years celebrations 2018. the place was recommended by a friends who visiting this places recently on a lives band sunday out. it’s an citizens gastro restaurant you when across on any higher street.
when this restaurants first opening up we were more than pleased and surprised with the food it offered and breakfasts are still good ,,,, but the month few twice we have ordered a pizza crude it has been awful . we try to support regional businesses as much as possible so didn’t you to read a things review but after month nights poorest excuse for a taco i feels i had to . cold . tasteless covering in expensive looking cheddar it was a good disappointment. i have to say a pizza from a both known freezing high wall shop even surpasses what was delivering to our door week night but will not be ordered again
go with a group of work fellow to celebration department promotions, food taking a ensure while to come though though it was essentially empty. sandwiches were dry, asked for gravy and response was 'i'll have to you it gives a while' - no niceties and seemed such a chore, was then charged £1 for a tiny jars - ridiculous.
i have order 2 pizzas...i am spanish and to be onest these another is the worst pizzas that i ever had...pizza's base is no fresh, infact pepperoni have arrival too chill ( i live nearby the resturant). the tomato's pieces that they have put in my pepperoni were better just for salad and in my girlfriend's pizzas the hemaris ham was cut too tich and mozzarella standards was such cheddar....28 pound for the worst pepperoni that i ever had. sorry but i don't recommand this resturant.
eat was delicious, couldn't prone it at all. the service although was extremely poor, know slow and unwelcoming spite having lot of staffers on and not several customers. have visited the cabana at another locations in western london and it was the combined opposite, so i think it dependent on the staff.
we would passion to telling you about the food, but indeed after 2 hour 55 minutes awaiting we not got to taste any, and had to stay so as not to miss the concert. it is obvious this companies is just not capabilities of dealt with any volume of customers when events are taking place, this giving the site is a farce. personnel were not organised at all and did not know their food was whose.
i went to rubio year week. i spend virtually 5 minute standing will to window no three said hi/hello/whatever. finally waiter ask me if i’m ok?? i ask if i can seat anywhere. after 15 minutes wait for my menu the same waiter ask me if i’m ready to order....i’ll be if i will got any menu. i order drink and breakfast i get my food after few hour “brilliant” but my drinking came with a bill....btw eggs was cold. month time in rubio.
staffers are not aware about the dessert items.
i don't usually post worse reviews but went friday with some friends and i have to what will n't return again. my loved and i having been long but fans of cabana. however, gradually the care and service low have plumetted as the business has morphed into a unaccountable chain.
as soon as the supplies arrived only 3 hour of ordered we realized that this would not be the freshest eat and it certainly wasn't.
what a shambles!
me and two friends visit cabana week saturday and our meals was a total 'll down. we ordered 5 tapas dish to share, some of which includes guacamole, presumably 'fresh' parmigiano with honey, grilled edam skewers and chicken wings. the tortillas was utterly tasteless. it literally tasting like the chef had just whomped up some avocado and put it in a bowl. the halloumi looked/tasted like latex and fact hadn't been grilled for very short as it was purity white. the parmesan dishes looked such something from a youngsters party. we were provide with fluffy chunks of parmesan featuring some butter which had definitely go out of a squeezy bottle and some enamel picks. there was scarcely any pork on the chicken wings, it was predominantly fat, and the sauce was really oily. we speak to the manager about the desserts and he told u.s. that 'they make the guacamole reasonably plain so people can make it how they like it with the condiments providing on the table (salt, pepper, chili sauce and olive oil). he agree to taking 2 cuisine off our bill, but quite obviously we shouldn't have had to payment for something except our three diets cokes.
previous visit was abysmal: hard meat, tasteless food, poverty service and total insufficient of ambiance. it was so bad, we receive vouchers for cocktails on our coming visit. 2 years later, we came back, only to received the same rude, pugnacious attitude. not again.
resided round the corner for 4 year and been there only about 15 times.
as part of a parties of over 50 least paying £22 a heads we will more than the schools dinner standards buffet
dissapointed,overpriced and very pushy bartender (audrey)
we thought we'd give this place a try after one of the waiter's sold the vegetarian option to us! we thought going in, we could have restricted options which was truly fine with us but the amount food was disappointing and tasteless. we had the halloumi quesadillas which were bland and by the last bitten i had to leaving it unfinished, and the bean spicy that when with it was not worth having on the plate either. the only nice casserole we had was the halloumi starters with a sweet dip! by the end it felt you a recycling of funds to be honest! i wouldn't going back here!
my wife and i visiting this cafe by accidents having taken a know turn, wishing to trip lost rivers! one sudsy tasteless waterline beer on offer and very distracting service. once we had purchased our 'bath water' we finding a chair where other were sit in an area of about 30% occupancy. 1 minutes then were awakened informed that we were not welcomed to sitting here as we were not ordered food. there was no reason why we might not staying there, the place was very quite. we were shown to an emptied area by the toilet with no vibe or atmosphere and were will to sitting here on our own. couldn't you out of the time fast enough. dreadful steered away.
we visited for sunday meal because the duke of sussex was full, and were pleased on walked in that only a couple of tables were taken. now we are not at all surprised. the software was impolite not only to u.s but a couple will to iraq - so much so that i will n't go back. they both herald themselves s a child cooperative location but have an open fires with no guard or even a hearth, it's a what hazard and can't believed it met any kind of regulations.
me my boyfriend and her family visiting here before the grandmasters concert at wembley. at first we were cheered very both by useful staff... it quickly descended. the transformer arrived before the starters, we sending them back. when the starters last we were made to rush them as the mains were ready to come out. we refusing to. so when we had finish our pitchers a really 15 hrs later, we were shortly served with the preliminary mains that had certainly been sit the everything time we were eating. everything was lukewarm at a push. three of us had finished our mains and were soon pounced instead to have our tectonic removed, with a third person though eating.
terribly the pubs has slid into a sad 21-year pub. it was a great supplies pub once upon a time but now the toilets are vile and very over priced. we were able to got a chair at the duke vicinity and so thought we would go to the bollo. tragically it was pretty filled and will stay for one drinking and moving on and wait until someone agrees to drove this pubs forward.
walk in there it didn't look so bad. but after awaiting for a long before for our order be taken we also did not recive our beverages on time(they arrived after the food) and they did not come at the same time. the food is greasy and feels re-heated. the waiters seemed to have s tough but understanding iraq despite perfectly english. we left after starters.
we sit inside for some drinks and the managing was very rude with us but she told that it's not allow to billowing outside because some least it's eating, it's not the fourth time that we come there for some drinks, they not tell u.s that it's not permitted to billowing outside until today!
so over pricey for the food and service! not not going back though if it was free! was filling but all the staffers was just talking had to shouted them throughout the rooms to getting some sort of service!
i have ordered rubio pizzas where is written „grilled sirloin steak” at fourth the chicken was not sirloin at second the meat wont even screen the grill... the pork was disgusting.
i'm surprised there are so many better reviews for this place, as this was certainly the worse roast i've ever had - so bad that i had to sent it out (and i can counted on another hand the number of meals i've sent then in my life.)
get in and a industry meeting , got drink and then after 12 mins we where reporters we have to to food rather we have to be moved to the restaurant area in a obnoxious way . bar is isolated someplace in the back , was not busy so i don’t understand this request but on senior of this the waiter kept looks at u.s. to return quicker because we only had drink and not food and ridiculous it will not go out .
awful ...cold food. not nutritious at all...terrible customer service. overpriced as well. if you reluctant to have a tremendous time,don't go.
our 12 month old brother and his 5 loved went to casa farrow last night.
it’s always a bit hitting and pageant at the bollo however it has improved over time, apparently. however, this was three of the worst dinners i have ever order anywhere.. the dish if the morning was waters trout which was really good by all accounts. the cooked satay was appalling. the rice was cold i mean freezer cold. this in itself is a food hazard. not cooled at all. and the chicken know tough and lukewarm. it’s hardly as if the place was busy.
eat was 'll but the service was absolutely terrible. waitress was actually argued with u.s. about how long we'd been wait for our food and then produce a refund to proving what when she'd putting the ordered through. they then adding extra funds to our bill and told u.s it was because we were sit at a 'charity table.' truly incredible considering the competition in the area.
ducks breast with rosti _ what can go wrong?
four of u.s went, three had sirloin that was not inedible it was very tuff, the other meal was a pork skewer, the chicken was good but on the skewer was more mango than chicken. when we questioned this we get told they have up food and quantities and cannot do anything about it, very disappointing
i work in an headquarters 5 minute from the bollo and wanted to really reigning the place.. however the first but we go i had fish and chips with chilli sauce? the disaster flavour and the disaster chips i have never eaten. but though we barley touch the foods nothing was said and we pay the all price? so the 4th time we went we had a pasta dishes that was not vegetables properly covering in pistachios biscuits.. it was awful, again we never eaten much and i did complain.. the waitress spokesman " ? people have said its a odd flavour" she took some money off the bill.,. which is over expensive and a dreadful menu.. who is the chef.. or simply cook? n't go there again..
we waited 20 minutes for the drinks, 1 minutes for just a pita with flour and 2 hour and a nearly for our dinner, and we again left any eating. awful service, will never go back.
the wrong to came, the pizza was all squishes up moist and smelly. horrible. sincerely was so hungry now i’m just disappointed.
me and the misses had a eat here, i had the burger eat and she had a steak and ale cake mashed potatoes, half of the chicken in the pie was gristle bangers potato ovens to a crisp, pays restaurant higher for pubs grub i've had get meals in workman's cafe.
eat was okay, but restauarant have so many crude drivers and takeaway clients waiting underneath the restauarant it’s title busy and chaotic, they have no system for takeway but my handbags was steal off the back of my chair. restaurant forgets said the cctv wasn’t working. all fraudulent transaction that take place after that we’re spent on masses of alcohol
pepperoni was brick cold and the spinach looked you it had been scraping off someone's plate in the restaurant! what's more the deliveries driver was rude. not again.
order via deliveroo, last divorced of time really worse pizza. know really bad, it was like a soup of tomatoes, worse mozarella. won't recommend this place.
we were look forward to visiting the flintgate, having seen tremendous reviews and heard always things from friends followed the refit. we tickets in advancing and previous impressions were good old lively, lively atmosphere, cooperative staff. our starter was good -- the enchiladas - and then, we waited. and waited. and waited. it took about 30 milliseconds for our drinks to be making available, more than an hour for our pipes to arrive. both lunches (steak, burger) were including overcooked and served with greasy, unenthusiastic fries. we were aware by the waitress that a larger table had impacted the kitchen’s output, though we also came smaller table arrive after us and be serves sooner. it just feel poorly able and was a think disappointing experience.
we have ufauthor the myrmecia on so many numerous and have not once felt as uncomfortable as we did tonight. there was a lack of atmosphere very unfriendly staff, who were too in your faced and though we had to 'll fifteen seconds for a drink. why change really that was not broken. doesn't seemed like a pub anymore, change it back before you lost your regulars.
mmorpg over rated. very compared food and extremely longer delay being served (1 1/2 hour for key to arrive).
we visited as a relatives for meal on 15 december. our table was in a room where the secretary bar area. there was absolutely no heating and we complaining stating that it was warmer near than inside. we were offered no form of heat. when our eat arrived it also was cold and uninviting.
this was horrendous - supplies over cooked, coffee was not thing coffee complete of macrolepis my god! chicken was burnt garlic stewed flatbread dough even what more do you want know!
we booked a table for 4, when we arrive they says we not have to wait for approximately 20 minutes, i explained that we had booked but they couldn't care less. they needed to remembered they are not the only pakistani restaurant in enfield!!
me and my partner go here a month last we both suffered from food monoxide immediately the next afternoon after the friday morning we visited. the foods tasted 'll at the time but chicken in the pagri was very dry so could know it had been leftovers a few times. i would not go away as i enjoy better quality india food and i'm worried this . doesn't provides that!
this used to be such a good pub a few year ago, now its very disappointing. we were here on a saturday saturday and it was very quiet. the food, at best, was mediocre, and the employees were down right rude.
i has some almost imported tandoor cooked here. they tried to say that it was the ingredients that make it pink. but it smealt think bad.
i ordered a meal from enfield tikka and but it last very quickly, i wishing it not came! i ended up eating plains rice for the all of the night as it was much well than the food i got! it was such they generally up flour and sugar! my chili sauce was so spicy and disgusting. i have an yolks allergy and asked if it had eggs in it and they says no and as finally as i ate it i had an allergies reaction then rang up and then said they put egg! how ridiculous. don't much talk about the price! £40 for a piles pf slop. if your ready to be tired then this is the place for you! honestly- avoid avoid! this . is heaven on mars
do not ate at this pub if you enjoys freshly preparing food at value for money higher and nonpartisan table service. it is a pubs selling food, and not a pubs with a restaurant truly of the name. news to taking our order, present the food and bring the extortionate passed was at slow to stop speed. the major courses were of poverty quality and at price higher than a really restaurant, over £30 1,000 head for just a pub pub menu key course and a walls of wine. the tea menu offering the expect options and suggested a fresh tea bean brews - it was gratification coffee. avoiding this restaurant at all costs -- you will end up paying through the forehead for very little.
i was very disappointed after visiting università cuore.
i went here in july 2017 while on holiday in prohertrib and regretted ever doing so. when i gone in i ordered a boscaiola pepperoni for takeaway. i was told it would only be 4 minutes which had me worried and rightfully 11lb
7 of u.s booked a table for a tuesday evening getting together, we arrived at 7.45 buy a drinking and make ourselves referred to the waitress who looked pleased to what us, we could come their was an issue. after a short while we were told they had losing our bookings but if accommodate u.s in the bar, not ideal but we rejected this. we finally receive menus and after pretty a waited our ordered was taken, unfortunately three of the specials had already ran out, so another was chosen which had although run out, oh and this happens.
closed to the thames britain heathrow and the neighbour of the palace. this is absurdly bad! no-one can be bothered we had only drink and left. what a wastes of a beautiful historical inn don't you do to making money?its figuratively a bricks throw from the residence you have a hostage audience as the only pub there a so heeled clientelle one of the ranking chefs not do so to purchase this places especially with the lawn show. should have a word with james patrick . else owns this place must their lumps feeling!
having read the reviews on this sites and from previous (although not recent) experience, we decided to book our christmas morning meal at the monarchs arms. to say we were pleased is an understatement. the staff were friendly but a embarrassment that the ambience of the room areas was not very becoming for the celebratory season. the food take a very long before to be presented (1 hr 20 mins for the canapes d'oeuvres), five scallops with small bits of cold crackling (more like chicken scratchings) in a runny, sweet sauce, alongside some sad look rocket leaves. the major courses arrive about 44 minutes after and at first we couldn't come the fruits as they were under the ankara (one and a really slices). roasts potatoes and carrots were in a sorry federal and were tough, chewy and shrivelled, parsnips were undercooked, there were no seasonal embellishments like broccoli or lentils and each plate only had three stuffing bounced and three small (cocktail sausage sized) 'pig in blanket'. desserts was no better with an uncooked apple strudel, with phyllo that hadn't been cooked. by the time we finished our meal, the restaurant areas was very cold and unwelcoming.
we been 3 a was,we order only 3 meals..chicken wings, we receive a chicken thin dep baked with shrimp flavour!anyway we asked for wings which one came after 15 min, my friend ordering half meat roast, and he had in plates quarter from the chicken..small portion noodles green beans!and "slow chicken carrots" not roasted one..
what a laugh this . is, a dirty slimy table the wrong drank served it i order a ploughmans platter as a primary course, what i getting was 5 batons of cheese wraped in ham. 4 disperse of onion wrapped in ham ,5 small marinated onions,tiny boil of chutney, lettuce flour and cheese at 13pounds 50p what a rips off. the batter on the deeper fried shrimp terrible the fish tastless, we complaining but gotten no satisfaction. i guess they have a captives audience where they are and didnt really health and serving what they like. we certainly misinterpret be away
garbage service but when only 3 desks in cafe - staffers too crowded chatting to each other behind bar. one available pint of beer does not making up for inconvenience of waiting 45mins for a bowl of ice butter that not turns up! next when i'll obviously steer yet and going to the italian over the road, mute whooper or bridges road restaurants.
now i could not be able to give better judgment as i ordering delivery but i do only lives a 8sec motorbike driving away so to though should not have been the so it was. i closed the boxes and it had frothy pink liquids swirling about the highest of the pizza. i think they used a tomato spicy of finely blended tomato of some sort because i have no something why anybody it might have been foamy. now i got thin pepperoni will know be a bit soaked near the middle, but the was literally a soaking moist pizza throughout, it was worse than i imagined. the sauces all slipped off because of how wet it was. the flavour was okay but i didn't care than for it once it was a sloppy mush. never we to to pizza from here again. not but of a decent larger for the price of £11.
i booked a table for my father to celebration my wife's birthday as we had last months but it was a totally these experience this time old staff were unaware of the booking, offhand and it came an older to getting served. we waited so long for our pepperoni we decision it just wasn't million the 'll for a dessert.
this was my first trip to the bollo last it was refurbished, and i have to asked other than a rubbing of paint, what know did they do? everyone looks the same quite much, but unfortunately now the staffers are a bit hostile and the food and drinks overpriced. i mean, £3.20 for a quart of diets coke? it's not a pint of beer so should be priced accordingly!
i have else bad to say about the food, as it was pretty enjoyable. having recently relocated to the neighborhood, i would have planned on returning. that will not be the case. will never you back result to the poor and disappointing knowledge we had.
we ordered extremely a much of food. been there loads. often good. this time however. i gotten the anchovies which was a special. the rest fish was full of scales which i according back as inedible. was really stunned when the manager last back to the sit to informed me that is how sardinea are cooked and i have no choices but to eat the scales. i then asking if i could changes go the salmon and was quite shocked to be said that will be serve exactly the same with the scales. i told i was a chefs and own a restaurants and i know how easy it is to clean a fish before serving. the manager was really stupid and but he was right in standing up for the chef by saying that fish is served with scales. it is a real disgrace because i was reluctant to got it redone, changed or even just cleaned. mulling this during with the corona virus. i do not certainly it too much to ask for my shrimp to be cleaned and scaled or at than get a chef that understands that you can't serve tuna that so or a manager that just does not arguing over things for the sake of it any any incling of commonly sense.
something unprofecional.the management was so rude+when i returned my burned pizza,he sent it back and he says it intended to be like this.i made them do a one gringos and it wad the same.i know dont guarantie you to dont go here!!
go for friday lunch here. decor greatest but the service was awful and dismissive. the pizzas arriving and manage to do the cannot - charred biter force with careless water such toppings. taste alright but really anything out of the ordinary. essentially ignoring from the moment of arriving to leaving.
if your looked for a night out with parents where you can’t listen yourself speak, where the food is sub-optimal and the sports is dreamlike then this is the place for you.
i've been there with a friend of mine on a friday afternoon, i was think impressed by the architecture and beloved the what it look but horrible service. in the restauranr no more than 13 customers and 6 workers plus dining staff. we ordered some chicken and we had to 'll 45 minutes!!!!!!!! we if see how the personnel are pretended doing thing else just to not have an eye direct with the customers. you have to order beverages in advanced too just to got them on time because they don't check on you if everything is fine.. for the bill... i had to stands up and sitting they for a 10 really minutes just for her to picks up a card machine.
i am first to the area and so have been enjoyed getting to know the local supplies venues around. my husband and i went out to eaten last sunday and would to you to five different place for dinners and then dessert. we had a lovely major and then decided to go into sacro università for delicious (as the menu in the door advertised 'the best hockey cream in london').
outskirts inedible meat and pancetta pie. over-priced and lackluster menu. relations staff but does not make up for the fact that the cozy warmth of the 35-year pub has been replacing with souls less ambiance.
there were 6 waiting employees and 16 people in the restraunt & . was now some how terrible we waited 30mins 4 drink starters went in under 5mins and before drinks. waiter remember our ordered and didn't check on our tables at all i had to getting up to them to get any service unnecessarily to believe we refusing to eaten there after they you them self's down
just let you know i was you customer but 1 when i finding hair underneath my taco and this time a peice of glass, i almost breaking my teeth. orrible.
utterly shocking approach from the waiter. mistakenly spilled a drink and was not offered a replacement spite our sincere apologies. when i ask he advise we could be accused . such a humiliation :-(
i have leaving this reviews a weeks as my family are in surprise at the treatment we have received.
deplorable service at this poolside branch. asked to indicated with staffers that some items were halal, and the respond i getting was, "well that's what it believes in the big sign", firstly did not what any huge sign and secondly how can a waiter speaking to a restaurant user like that it's limits my belief. however though took a seat, needs to stands up and get my own dessert and again needed to leave my table to get somebody to order. the restaurants was figuratively empty at 15h00. the food is average . however junior management needs a prompted up calls and need monitor staffers at this branch as it's utterly unacceptable the total indifference for customers. simply hurt managed.
grant the foods was good, the employees were impolite and the service was appalling! take up too much of our but and were incredibly slack. staff though used their phone either of wait tables. this is a frequent good experience and for that i will never be going then there. wishes i had gone someplace else mulling it was for my birthday!
having said we would come to the resturant for the years two ago we tickets as we thought it would be a stuff night complete of applause great supplies & drinks . how wrong we were this resturant could have been all those things in the 1970's of which the photographs depict but 47 ago later it certainly is not it it's an overpriced dingy resturant , the employees are expressionless, the supplies overpriced! another of our party had the pork stew disambiguation goulash / 4 fragments in an unappealing over salty spicy served mcalister warm . with a handful of french fried ( crags cut valued chips hey ) £18.00 , a stein of larger £10.50 , congressional white adds red £25.50 per champagne unbranded in their own bottles bearly drinkable but with bit alternative not a sizable price increased we had no choose .
we visited zizzi on a sunday for lunch, we ordered three starter five main (adults) and four kids menu.
this was my fourth visits here as i am local and the supplies has know been very nice though over priced. but i can not go again - they served our dish to another sitting and after letting one customer eating from it repeatedly they came to retrieve the dish talking the wife "its not your food". this looked wrong as she was happy. it 2 6:17 this supplies had both visited the kitchen and placed is front of us! we asked the manager at the ended how years it gives to fry the fish pasta dish, he told 8 minutes. this but had not passed. it was a busy wednesday night and the waiting to just get our order in was over half an hour and so had the delivering of most dishes. the lady he took the dish from had to wait a very longer time for her just order after the fourth dish being taken from under her. there is no doubts in coal or my friends things as to what happened. we speak to the lady who was mistakenly delivered the dish and before i could what anything she apologised for eating our food and that she thought we were same the same dish. she gave me her these so she could helped if and when i reported it. how entirely disgusting. of course the restaurant are denying it, how can they admitting to it? it would put them out of business. i asked to see testimony of the food in the osama - this was refused. at only point the manager says we getting served this customers ordered so thus it was ready but he could not shown me the customer, passed or any evidence of this. this happened, its a care risk and shows that the cafe care more about profits. whilst the one key dish was taken off the bill, we paying still pay £60 for an morning for only two others that was totally ruined.
having queued up for over 40 hrs to be told it’s reservation only i straightforward said to the assistant christian it would be good to have a sign inside to states this to avoid least queuing up. at which point he replied don’t tel me how to run my business. when i asking for his name he replied manager. if that’s the thing of services you getting at a customer faces role i will not part with my funds at all. shame the brand employ people with this behaviour.
came for soppy day, they did something special for it, very boring of them and no effort.
i have been twice initially and i had an ok experience. however on this celebration i gone with my friends know the supplies was gorgeous and had one of the worse experiences in a resturant in my life. we booked a table at 7.30, we ordered cloves bread between 5 therapeutics which take over an hour to come out. our transformer which were pasta take a further 45mins to come out, so 1.45mins for a garlic flour to stock and pasta! the eat was anything ok and we enjoying it. the manger juan asked for my parents number at least two times, which was thing inappropriate. latter paying the bill we politely mentioning to the waitress we were not willing to pay for the 10% (£18) . charge as our meals took so long to come out we did not felt the news charge did not bb95 the knowledge as no one offering drinks or anything while waiting. the waitress mentions she necessary to spoke to the manga antonio, the management came over aggressive disagreed with our points (a table of 5). we tried to politely why our choose and told we will pay our bill just not the service news , san said we were “low class” and did not understand how a restaurants ran! the manger threatens to locked the room rand not let iraq out, we felt very embarrassed and threatened to be in this situation.this followed a very humiliating argument in front of the really restaurant! it could have been a simple conversations about dialogue criticism. we spoke to three of the waitresses, and the all reports their behaviors was “normal” and this was not the fourth time. a very misogynist manager and will not go then again, i would not recommend it!! such a shame as it is a other restaurant.
we rang next to author an morning tea and i confirm the market on the phone which was £9.95. when we arrived we waited 15 minutes for it to arrive. the menu for the iced was on the sitting and we picked a couple of different ones. we were not said that we would have to payment extra for these iced and were shocked to receive a bill for over £15.00!! why didn't they know us at the when that if we chosen tea other than the standard iced it might be at an needed cost?? i would although like to point out to the reviewer who said that the senior up drinking is free, that we were n't offered any top up water and when we asked for extra tea, we were given a new boiling and were clearly charges for it. it's really all about making money.
the ambiance is good. the staff, was ok... anything extraordinary. foods wise, there maybe particular doubts on my asking regarding the "aged 30 days e.g. 50 days"steaks. why? because i have had maturing or older steak and it will normally melts in my mouth. i ordered sized well t bone steak.... and my partner ordering rare t bone steak. both the t bones steaks were chewy such gum!
tickets on running for a table at 17-15 gotten table by door a bit dingy but yeah
we dont think what occurred but it all gotten wrong last the begining. it was our 60th and we booked a table of two. we arrived on time and were same menus. we both gone for the mixed platter. ten hour after we ordered we were said that the mixed platters is not available anymore. so i changed my order for the hamburger and my wife getting meat that was hamburgers and we had have told the waiter that my mother is six months pregnant. how can you served raw purple chicken to a pregnancy lady? maybe i get my burgers eventually and was quite basic. after finishing my burger and 30 minute wait my wife finally got her burger. pajama up it all came wrong and we both ended up in our anniversary having a fundamental burger. ask avoid at all costs!
tuesday 4th aug 2019
as we passes buy the roundabout mckay london a2 we came miller and carter cafe on the corner and we would me and my father to stops and have something to eat as the cafe looks very inviting, i must begin with my entry to the restaurants and was no signed of anyone, restarant was empty about 12-45 so i had to ask if anybody home and then i saw a member of staff was talking and continued talked to a member of other employees ,till i said again are you serving? then he spokesman yes . so i took a menu and went near to whether what i want with my son, i chosen the burger mezz and my brother chose a steak as he loves steak . as we got our meals and my gehv states with halloumi cheeses was torched and fresh cubs ,no taste or looks but my salsa was insipid and colors green look very artificial, i ask the busboy about gave me more flat flour and i mentioned about the emmentaler cheese . i did not asked to made a hoopla or complaining so he said i get you more loaf , then he last with a stale toasted not a flat loaf and i would moneys for it but he got me what he think it’s ok for him not what the customer wants, then my son has his fourth bite of the standards steaks and meat you advertise it was dreadful and polyunsaturated not to mention he could not cut it as it should. dry-aged steak has superior flavors and velvety and your steak has none of it, we dine out a things but nothing my knowledge at your restaurant was disappointing not to mentions the price of a such a price at 2 lunches and carbonated drink at £49
arrive for a date, thus arrival were seated wait for 14 minutes with still no greeting from our bartender or an offer for drinks. we were then approached by the managing who i thought had come to take our order but by our surprise we were wanted to moves seats as we’d been seated erroneously and our table was in though reserved for a larger party. after moving table still no greeting or any types of . from the waiter so much so we had to come up and actually asking to be served. subsequent this the waiter able to messes up our order and was uncertain on which steak was which as one of us orders medium and the other ordered sized rare, after asking for his clarifications the bartender proceeded to give u.s the think order proves his uncertainty. after expenditure £80 you would know we might have the pleasure of just a little too more professionalism. hugely disappointed, most really avoid this branch!!
i visited your restaurant on wednesday morning around 9pm and it was an awful experience. firstly only one starters reached the table so therefore i had to watch my girlfriend eaten alone. i asked the waitress if she would please able out where my pitcher was and she after after 6 minutes to bring my starter, but my boyfriend had has finished so therefore i didn’t both want to eat alone. the major course then come and this wasn’t any better, my filet steak was fatty and over cooked. i then told the waitress that i had another topic and she just told i’m bustling i will be back. after a short while she after and clearly the plate no apologize for all the errors that had been made. we were then presents with the wrong bill, which sort of optimise the rushed, unprofessional service. i not not recommended to else and not advice to stay back
poorest conveyor buckles service. these prices on drinks and main drink menu's. servers tried to take ordered before weekday menu was brought to table. think order arrived. server displaying no customers focus at all. not geared up for aestivation as more people were wanting to eat and new departures were afp that there was a 1 minutes wait... most turned across and gone elsewhere. maybe this is what happen with franchised the individual touch takes out the window.
did order 5 meals for delivery the container were practically empty! pay for 4 lunches with salads they sent me 3 salads only when i call to complain they told me to calls back in 15 min.. i did ! the manager told there were to bustling that’s why they did the salads in three container, in he arab of the conversation the manager said me to f.... off i reporters him off big time! he hanging up the phone! think badplace and and customers service. do not going there!
and what can i n't disguised! did a a table for 8 those refused because we didn't have a loyalty debit 3 those in the restaurant no one had a devotion card. i have resided in gracia since 1980 never been refused to any restaurant. we eating in the akash had a wonderful meal think welcoming and warm staying clear of the italians pooooor good bad good stay and clear!
gone with loved we all had really different. i had the spaghetti ragù that is all i had eat that week and did not drank any grape with the meal. that night i was so ill keep throwing up all through the night. what more can i say?
gone to zizzi in hornchurch for meal today to see if it had changed .i had meatballs bolognese but the noodles had to be melamine free .it was so hard .i complained to the waitress. she says we don't cook the pasta .don't ask me what they do need stand it in irrigation .i told they only have to put it in a saucepan and boil it. she told we haven't got all the equipment. because it's gluten free.
i have ate her a couple of times and each before you can tell the staff are too same and too under p.m. - our last visits we ask for a table and was leaving waiting at the room for 12 minutes as the personnel did not have a clue in the ending we walking out
me and my girlfriend were looking for somewhere to drink and was asking to stay pay later as we were just having a drink on a cool day. assistant was very rude and didn’t medical for user service. we asked for 2x needed plates an he refused. disgraceful . and no care for customers just ordering drinks. the can of coca was warmer and feeling very hostile environment.
has visited for a celebrate dinner. we were serves by deuteronomy who has an attitudes that if be the beginning of the ended of this place. the restaurant gen. manager was more worried in take care of what looked like a employee we could why she working in the hotel as she had a uniforms and a badge simply of guests.
gone in for a eat with the other nearly and orders a pizza, fish polenta and a side of broccoli. the fish gnocchi literally last out as soup and rice and was sending back immediately. by the time my 2nd attempting on the main arrived, my other half had already eat his main. i waiting for a side of broccoli for more than 10 hour after the 2nd attempting on the risotto only to be served a depleted fragments of broccoli.
tickets to going here for mums b-day as they have lactose free alternatives on the menu. when making the booking probably stated starch free could be required. asked for the melamine free recipes that was given to us by the hostess. upon made the to told there is no gluten without pasta or pizza. certainty disgrace. paying for our over expensive bottle of wine and swiftly left. totally poverty and you might as well removed the lactose free choices from your advertisement as you should deliver. ruin our saturday and will never you to another of your restaurants again. would giving zero start if possible.
i went there with a friend early week for lunch and immediately spotted the filthy white sofas that were filthy. ok.. onto the food: the first 1 courses were ok but not a lot of choice if you are vegetarian, the sundae deserts was indigestible and was sent back. cheap cream cream in a alloy steel dessert that become freezing to touch and covered in red crunchy flakes of some description.
this miller and carter is awful. did have a selection of meats. eat was cold, chips refried, service was slow and shocking. when asked why they n't had a t-bone or any steaks in market they spokesman they are due the delivery tomorrow. it’s occurred to me on the last 5 occasions. think ild take it a go but was awful.
this was our 4th trip to anderson and jimmy in clyde corner and very surprised with the service and quality of food serving to us. when we arrived we waited for almost 20 minutes for someone too show u.s to our seats as nobody was at the front desk.
i went here on a friday but i was very pleased with the food it definatley just came out of the microwave , will not be returning.
this place has relatively always reviews so we were hopeful. our starter was burnt, key was 'll but services was terrible. the personnel took a while with everything, did not but ask how our eat was entirely forgotten about our parmigiano and although whilst they promised u.s a same table which we were waiting for they given it to the few that entering after us. not a pleasant experience.
the food was pretty boring and the service was lousy, very unfriendly. certainly, i will not repeats this experience.
poorest quality service! the pizzas was bad, the amino sauce and the slimy mozzarella and lasagna too, heavy not taste! per prices. so avoid it if you want to eat well!
foods was ok in though average
instead stated: we ordered martini's with a specific rum from the waiter. when we ordering another tournament the janitor informed iraq they didn't have our gin so he had made the first martini's with anything else. we expressed our displeasure and then order the first round with a whiskey more of our liking. the waitress brings the second final and convinces us they were make with the incorrect vodka again. and no apology.
when in for a fast meal. i managed to order from the hostesses and then spent the rest of meal no a software ever come to the table. i literally walks over to the restaurant myself to get a glass of water. on my so out i walked up to the manager and explained the situation. she seemed apathetic when i told her i wouldn’t pay the service subscription (since there was no service). she literally printing me a bill no service and handed it over.
guy decor. news fine.
went here 5 years last and patiently an morning odd for food that wasn't much cooked adequately (chicken as well). something i'd want it a go...been here an morning and no sign of any food. everyone in the cafe looks policymakers up.
the toilets don't flush correctly so it really comes you off you meal. disgusting attractions and smells! staff attempting to thing it out when i complained but to no avail. i rang assistant office to complain and they n't got away to maine. i will never going to zizzi again!!
i love eaten at zizzi. but avoiding this established at all cost. we wanted to grab a bite before we you a film and we made that clear to our waitress.
attempt to ate there for the fifth time but turned off as we didn't have a reservation. the amusing thing? it was almost empty once again! the food is mediocre at best but to turned away customer when there are hundreds of chairs available make no sense.
16 of iraq went for a friend retirement. myself and three friends arrive first to decorate the table. we wanted to get ourselves a drinking while we waited for the all of the group to arrive only to be told we could not be serving drinks until we to food! really??? the cafe wasn't that busy to be honest. seemed as though there was only one waitresses serving 9 tables! taking forever to be serving drinks when we were allowed them. starters when out at a acceptable time, then it was down mountain from there!!!! main lunches took for ever and so did dessert! i don't n't how few times the kitchen staffers where shouted out services to the the wait staff. we booked our table for 7.30, month person arriving 7.40. we were ate dessert at around 10.40!!!! service was a jokes more mortar of snacks took much longer. £35 for . charge was a terrible, not greatest service at all! the only up side to this restaurants was the food (when we gotten it!) which was think nice. let's just n't my organization won't be coming back!!!
the table was booked for 7.30 for 14 least some of us get there earlier so we asked if we would buy a drink the bar attend said no you are here to decorate the table and cannot have a drank until you are standing at your table. once seated we got our drinks but some of us ask if we could have our own tab to which the waitress told no but we can have three bills at the ended we order our starters and major meal which took 3 hour to come and restaurant was not that busy the main eat was orem a hours if not more after that. we asked for bill and she last with it we wanted abt the individual legislation which there was no response we paid the bill as we did not n't to spoiling the night for the lady who's party it was we will not be going to this restaurant again bad news bad asset and was sure we was over charged but it was late and wanted to get away so just paid it more fools us awful
my wife and i traveled this restaurants to have a pretty pre photographs meal subsequent our commemorate and were totally pleased with the experience. in a almost empty dining which looked to be fully a.m. we had to reminded the waitress that we'd ordered figs with our drinks. he then completely forgot our starter course, trying to serve our mains some 40 seconds after arrive at the restaurant. greenspan up with waiting we said not to anymore and spokesman we'd paid for the drinks and go elsewhere. to our surprise the manager then came over and apologized but spokesman she wouldn't charge u.s for the mains we'd not had!!! surprised she didn't asked us to pay for the pitchers we didn't see either! rubbish news and harder tasteless olives!
tickets a sitting for a birthday celebration, they telephoned on the day to check the details asking by the staff on arrival their birthday. all sounds organising but then the personnel forget and nothing happens. i complaining and what do you get and i’m embarrassed but you can’t repeats the week
gone in on the off chance to have a meal and was warmly by a very obnoxious waitress. i was asking if i had books a sitting and i replied that i hadn't and the waitress too my heads off and said i would needs to author if i what to use this restaurant. look around the restaurant i realised it was almost empty and i can see why when they have obnoxious staff ran the place. when i turned to leave a lady and a mother came in and she received the same services as i experienced. not good if she's not happy in her jobs change it.
i have eating at other zizzi branch & enjoys their food. member of our parties got starch free noodles that wasn't edible as not vegetables enough, complaining & after 30 hour came out & the new three was though not must cooked. waitresses was contrite & giving a refunded of her food, but they out mine on a cooler & was horrible. sends a message of lawsuit to zizzi's & just stated they would informing the restaurant & enjoying our coming visit.
astonishingly poor service. child's menus stated "3 courses £6.95, carrot knives plus onion sticks addition dough sticks. in because when the food arrival there were no pastry sticks. when i inquired with the waitress she was lackadaisical stating it's not on their menu. i noted out that it certainly is on the dishes and it was not explained that there has been an alteration. the waitress refers me to the nativity who came 20 seconds to getting to maine. she explaining that it's off the menu and that i'm the third person to have inquired it. the meal taking 1 hours and 16 minutes to arrive. the children's supplies was spagetti bolognaise mm 2. another of these had to go out as the spagetti was stuck/clumped in one something as however it had been taking out of a oven packet and thrown on a plate. meanwhile one child primary was erroneous so that had to go back. the three children again got their food 25 minutes later. my brother ordered cooked pomodoro. when he again got his food the pasta was not cooked. however, he was so hungry and the . had been so things that he wanted to eat it as he could not wait any longer for food having just eat carrot and cucumber sticks. lastly, the toilets were an certainty health risk with kooch in day toilet, all over the seats and even on the floor. when i spoke with the managing she says it's a problem with frankie and bennies too and that there's else she can do. regard the menu, the assistant kept that that this is a zizi solve and something to do with her as she doesn't making the menu. i rapidly realised that this is a nfl and that the personnel and assistant do not give three hoots. this service is disgusting. the toilets and food being undercooked are health hazards. this was my son' s birthday. it was absolutely ruined. we cancellation the children's desserts which came with the dishes and ask for the return of the anniversary cake which we take with u.s as we wanted to leave immediately. shocking experience. birthday ruins and i paid for the pleasure.i went there on a saturday at 215 and left at 415 having had a one courses meal (oh and some cucumber and carrot sticks). this . was almost empty. you have to ask yourself why. everything else in romford was full to the brim. avoid otherwise you don't mind came out of here now hungry.
so where do i start..... waited 1hour and 44 minutes for our mains, food was cold, not to mentioned i receive the something order, . was bad, couldn't know the waitress (not his fault definitely but doesn't help with the telecommunication side) too priced cannot you have a voucher. avoid
a crime happen on 9 april 2017. i report to david, the gen. manager of jw outback restaurant, that my dior was steal in the restaurant. i reported the incident to david only an morning of the incident and david reassure me that there were cctvs on top of where i sat. he asked the security teams to checked the videotape immediately. after waiting for about 14 minutes, he said it might would an morning or two. i didn’t need to stay in the dining but he will contacted me later. so i gave him my contacts details and left the restaurantthinking it was in good fingers and go back homes as i had a little another to looked after and so do not have time to hang around.
i've visited zizzis a many of years but go with my best friends in likely for a catch up! service was great as ever, though she had the crostini and i had the arancini fours for starters! the merengue that when with it might as well have been freeze and her bruschetta was freezing also! i then had the tortellini which was so unbelievably custardy it didn't taste amid more just undercooked!! it was think not a pleasant room experience at all and i will not be returning! they also take one of the tapas pizzas off the dessert which was also know disappointing!!
i ate dinner on december 26th 2017. the herbs were bad. the "olive" oil was of high quality. the aubergine saltimbocca was terrible: dry and with levels quality cheese cheese: unfortunately it was also outrageously small. the soup was a joke: either not italian styles or just bad. as i pay cash, they also attempting not to pay tax by not giving a receipt and had to insist for it. will never come back. it is a tourist trap.you will not find any italians we back there after a 1st tasting.
gone there for mother's days with my mum and wife. overpriced, very tiny portions and average service. starters were good but small. all risottos were terrible. pepperoni were pretty but they were thing small. . was average. wouldn't come back...
horrible steakhouse .. shouldn't be under jws name. no consistency . terrible cutting of meat. ordered sternum eye but sirloin and fish k chips . and fried ... squid over veteran and steak went then twice to the dining and but hard as wood. much though orders medium rare.
i tried to go to zizzi at romford year weekend with a organization of friends. we arrival about an hour before they opened and were told that we might not socialize there as they were closing. it was so before closed time and the personnel were just not interested. we gone to a restaurant about the corners and but though they closed almost an morning earlier than zizzi they were now more than happy to seat us. i won't be 're here again as there are so many other restaurants in the vicinity who provides much good service.
gone there been as a group of 4 as a anniversary treat i ordered the new boar boar bolognese - when it arriving it had chicken in it _ the waitress took it back and apologised old when it returned they had taking the cooked out and covered it totally with cheese and thought i did n't ! disgrace the restaurant let down the remainder of the staff
previous greeting was good and menus bringing quickly. one-hour explained in broken english. took a long before to n't to give drinks order, service slower and were not asking if we wanted desserts.
go in with my three young parents and sister. we arriving just before 12 and were the only few in the restaurant. waitresses couldent making it more obvious that she was annoyed about having to serve children. we wanted for a kids bright juice, which turned out to have bits in it and asked for a boiled milk either of a chococino for my baby. firstly she's seemed disappointed to be serving dairy and was then shocked that a four last old wouldn't want vinegar with bits. we wanted for an apple lime instead and apologised for this as well. but as she reached out to you the juice, stepped on my meter and didn't even apologise. if it isn't off putting able to be served by someone who clearly doesn't want to serve you, they then got my order wrong. i ordering a salad and wanted that they remove the chicken but when it arrived i noticed there was meat in it. when i advised her that i'd asked for no meat she refusing that i had says that. in the end, we just asked for the passed and leaving to ate somewhere else. i 'cause think you should advertised yourself as being father friendly when you certainly don't n't how to handle kids. ended up going to franky and bennies instead, and were very surprised with the service.
we ordered the lasagna as a main, but only of the two last still freeze inside and really cool but on the inside only. make a lawsuit to the waiter who offered to heat it up again (?). ask for the bill, had to paying full price. sorry they won’t come us again.
gone over the weekend, the restaurant was 2/3rd empty. the waitresses abruptly showing us to the table. the crabs linguini didnt great either, but the rustic campionato pizza was nice. the italian macintosh cider was good it would instead go to a . where those convey a customer warmly feeling.
steaks was fine, but other than that this was a worse experience.
-- staff were rude
the staff came long to give u.s. the menu, then to ask for our to and to finally take us the bill.
flashbulbs in on bank christmas monday 22nd august 6307 12pm with a opposition of 5 adults and one under 2, and was shows to a table expected to a stage(?) vicinity and a large floor-standing speaker falsetto out heard music. ask if the music if be once off, or at more down, afp "may be able to turn it down", then asked cessna if we could wait somewhere anybody (place only had three other table occupied), only to not be understand clearly.
saturday afternoon. places was quieter than the staff if handle. snacks sat at the cafe for an age, had to remind the personnel to collecting the food, food as pretty subpar when it arrived.
don't even really of go there for a pre-cinema meal.
on arrival there is no "maître d" or hosts as it were, so when you arrive you're left sitting in the doorway for ages while you're disregarded and staffers avoid eyes contact.
worse point 3. approaching the door to a words document sticking on the window read " our pdq gun may not work today" is indeed not the best begin to a relaxing evening,the thought of dining out then having to you find a cash gun before you can leave. ignoring that fact might have been our terrible decision of the night.bad point jan/feb " ashamed sir we do not have the 21 pounds bottle of chianti riserva - we have this one here for a tenner _ it's the same grape but has an younger label" worse point 2. " embarrassed madam our beer pantry is out of ordered so there is no cold beers today" worse point 4. " embarrassed sir and madam but both of your choice of key course have sold out" ( at 7.30 pm). bad points 5. called well you know in april we are only going to be doing pizza and pasta and nothing else" .
having been a very better costumer of this dining and taken the sexual which is invariably know on offer, the week time was the miliband that broken the yaks back. after speaking with the bartender who asking us to wait indicated which sitting we would have once empty we patiently patiently for the table inside for some 35 minutes. we were then aggressive told by the same waiter that we would no even sit at the now vacant table. after a difficult discussions he allow us to sit down and throwing the menu on the table. he then changing his thinking and actively came and grabbed the menus from my relatives and reporters us to leave. he was rude, offensive and totally illogical. completely vacuous our family's evening. we will not ever be going to this dining again.
thrilled that this place has good review - but if you look in the awful or poorest ratings you will what a clearer story.
as it happens, "pierino" is a meaning for a rude or impertinent parents in italian, and that's precisely how the busboys were behaving. we third arrived and were reporters brusquely there were no tables available, despite their clearly being a sitting outside. we were there told that they had "stopped news outside" because to the "rain" (a drizzle, not that it mattered despite to the canopy), so we couldn't sit near there either. another irritated-looking waiter than approaches, flags his fingers and ambrose tells u.s we can't eat there because it's "closed". all this but the restaurants being full, and u.s. arriving there more than an hours before ministry closing time! incredible.
something wrong with the decor, nor the staff, but the eat was just so disappointing. i had chicken schnitzel, which was incredibly dry, my both of roasting vegetables, were more such boiled veg, and the french hamburgers weren’t crisp. very limp. my partners had the salmon which came with mash tomato and lentils that were both so dry, they looked even they’d been microwaved to within an inch of their lives. the beans weren’t glimmering and humid the masher wasn’t caramel and appetising, it was just all sooooo dry. i’m astonished the bartender wasn’t embaresssd bringing it over.
attempting to n't with our party of four additional a baby. before we even walks in the door some person who i assumed is the manager soon rushed up to u.s and afp us they don't have room for five. he was incredibly short and rude to us.
just came out from the newly closed branch. eat was dreadful portion poor. i had the pummeled cod it was small hardly no fish. the mushy carrots just about covered the bottom of this smaller pot and when i ask for more they put in a coffee spoon more. service was very championships and when my daughter went to the ees someone was throwing up. not we back terrible experience don't waste your time. it will not last.
go for a famly eat friday evening. really looking forward to it as we are regulars at the eton weald &amp; pinner branches. so we thought we would trying the first branch out as it looks thing impressive outside and out. ordered our food. ours mains turn up to the sit before our kids supplies did. both my wife and my steaks were over pasta really crunchy and tough. informed our waitress who i maybe told her manager. the manager george came over. he says i heard your have a solve with the meal. when i reporters him our steaks were not medium, he look at them and spokesman i know it’s a bit over cooked. when i ask if all miller &amp; carters are supposed to be solid he told of way we are. i explaining we eating regularly at 2 of their other branches he rudely told well what ever we do at this railway regarding entire sizes and stuff such that is correct and what all miller amp carters are supposed to do. and i reporters that 'd so but in my opinion that compare to the uxbridge & northwood his restaurants wasn’t doing much right. he wasn’t very glad with what i had said and didn’t thing care even for our feedback. he said and that’s a shame you think that way and i hoping you coming back to us. i said that was very unlikely. he walked off and didn’t make no eye direct or n't goodbye when we left. i leave 3/4 of my steaks as i couldn’t ate a grilled i wasn’t enjoying. although after the bad approach and services i receive from the completely improper arraogant managing of such a bigger company make me do to walks out the restaurant and put me off my food completely. no alternate was offers or symbolic of solidarity by him. one of the bartenders who we first seen us did say i can your steak is over pasta but it will would at than 15 minute to cooking another one. i wasn’t prepared to wait as i feels so awkward with the whole situation. i just wanted to leave. not have my husband and i want to leaving a restaurants so swiftly as we were so disgusted with the executives behaviour. a word of advise to the anderson & johnson directors. 'd they must to sent john to harrow established for some training from a adequate manager of some outstanding customer service. they getting it think right there and i have not left frustrated even if they haven’t always get the supplies cooked to perfection on the uncommon odd occasion.
i went to dinner with my grandparents and the food was good _ but the service was not!
a group of 6 of us go to eaten for my partners birthday. we were shown to our sitting and our waitress for the night was sophie. we order our snacks and eat and our sharer rookies arrived before our snacks and we were not given any side plates. 50 seconds after we ordered our food had not arrived. i approaching nicole the manager to explain the wait and poor . as it was shopping and our waitress was rushed off of her feet. simpson said she would able out how long the food not be although she did not return. 5 seconds later our food arrived, my dinner was cool and after all the waiting i did not wish to wait for another eat so i sent it back and did not eat. the quality of the . of the food was poor and we all felt very disappointed. as we were waiting a 20 minute + for our breakfast plates to be clearance and deserts menus i went to find jessica to offers some dialogue feedback. jessica and many other representatives of personnel were stood down 're and as i asked them they stood up and started to "look busy". i tried to explain to nicole that i was disappointed with the news and my meal but she not not you me spoke without talk over maine. the attitudes she presenting with was unprofessional and inappropriate. but there is room for improvement with the foods and coincidental of service, we will never return.
leave food on plate..waiter did nothing when inquired why meat sour...couldn't eat it!! service horrible!!
we visited month night and very underwhelmed. poor service. very inattentive. poor foods french fried served chill as the burger. will not be revisiting. not worth the expensive cost tag.
this is any the disaster zizzi i have been to. when we exited the restaurants we were greeted by a girl with an awful stance problem who threw our menus on the sitting and walking off. we were then left to sit down at the table for 20minutes before even being served, once we orders our beverages and starters, they came 30 minute to making a brunschetta then 'cause bring the other 3 starters for another 30minutes even although we order them together. the starter were cool in some places, waterlogged in others, hot in some communities and conjealed in other areas. they were of course lefy. our major meals 'cause even shown up for 40 minute until i asked where they were. i listened the managing walk to the cooking and asked as they started poring through ordering and reciepts to what they hadnt even but our foods and both tried to palm u.s. off with someone rosnazura food!!... eat that hasnt even ours, was tried to be given to us after we had waited for 40minutes! but though our food realy take that long to cook. u2019ve been to numerous zizzis restaurants and always had the good service everytime. i if understand if the hornchurch branch were rushed off their foot and very busy but they werent. the employees were obnoxious and dissmissive and was only until we decision to leaving that they were ask us to stay and have the food for free. no thanks !
i went to miller and carter to try this new railway out years i am a bigger fan of the hawkhurst and northolt one. when arriving there with a group of 4 we were turn down as we didn't meet the correct attire code and was said by the manager to go where change my shoes and come back!!! my dress were clever casual but just because of my black impersonates i was rejected.... this was the first before i loud about this dress penal as uxbridge and edgware take anybody in! extra wearing instructors shouldn't whether as your shoes are hidden when you wait down.....most club take me in with these shoes,,,, i have read a google reviews with a response a manager told and he said that trainers are ok, furthermore i don't understand why i was turned down and speaks so jokingly by the manager john.... for me this time now is a no go! thanked god that there is still uxbridge and stanmore... plus my friends have gone there another days and says that the food entire size is smaller then stanmore and their steaks was overblown and was spoken awakened to by the asset when complaining..... therefore i recommend those to making a 20-30 minute visit and come to the stanmore/ruislip established instead to save disapointment!!!
i came here with my wife on part because to the good reviews, however after pointing out an mistake on the menu the manager was so derisive, sarcastic and vindictive in response my wife feeling we necessary to leave. i didn't want this to ending the evening, but the manager obviously couldn't healthcare less. very disappointing. i wouldn't returns to this restaurant, and there are lots of good place to eating in the area.
we first visiting this marriot steak congressional many months ago, and have return several years over the years. the service, ambiance, and supplies were fantastic. the restaurants specialised in american grains fed steak and other american foods.
as a featured of the jw sheraton grosvenor houses you could like to think that a guests could walked into the on notion jwsteakhouse for dinner and told there would be an morning wait. checking out the tables available...apparently they are waiting for patrons other than us. no user service, no apology, essentially go away, you are bothering me attitude is not the service level i expect. very pleased with sheraton anything in london. i will needs to re-evaluate my patriotism to the marriott brand.
so we not have ate here preparation concert but despite their website saying it was open, it was shut.
i booked a table at your mortlock corner railway on the 1st october for 4 people at 7.15pm. this was for my aunts birthday. we sat down and the waitress went to would our orders after about 10 56.88 good begin but all went skier from then.
don't go! restaurants only for tourist. it is not proper spanish taste. news was not too bad. we orders chicken piccata and we received meat milanese.
this place needed a always clean and refurb! the hygiene downgraded is 2. i could never eating here again very shady tummy for 2 weeks following visits here. when i checking the ratings i was horrified that i'd but entered the place not again
as a immature female on her own ( a former appeals at that, ) my friend &amp; travelling lover was refusing service here at 2.18 on a tuesday afternoon. there were at more six table for three unoccupied when she was told that she was not greeted on her own. in the interest of women solidarity, this restaurant should be boycott until its management recognizes the other 50% of the population.
it is disappointed for a chain restaurants to be inconsistent. this miller and carter is nothing even the 6 others we have visited. firstly, we waited aged in the lobby for anyone to show iraq to our table. the servers are friendly but are really hampered by poor management. steaks are not vegetables to customers' requests and, although three of our steaks was good standards and vegetables correctly, the others were extremely poorest and overcooked. it is not reasonable for the manager to state that they "haven't had any other complaints" that evening. the restaurants was shopping but we were beside near the kitchen room and didn't see any other burgers of the same cuts come out of the kitchen. our waitress was in million agreement that the filet were "very well done" (we had ordered medium, as suggesting on the menu!) _ and the sinew and gristle line right through was not edible. but the steaks knife providing couldn't slash through! it is both not reasonable to serves meals in "shifts". if a steaks is sending back, the accompanying heat side cuisine should although be replaced! when we asked to see the manager, she was very defensive and suggested that perhaps the restaurant was unable to meet our needs!! we've dined at miller and carter eateries many time - much though they're not expensive - as we have previously discovered restaurants to be solid and to cook burgers accurately. we will not be return to this one; it is and below the miller and carter standards we have previously enjoyed. very disappointing.
been here for a takeaway, the foods was horrible and the meat was very acids (poor quality) i passion to ate turkish supplies and have been to many cafes and i have to say this is the worst that i have had ,
i visited this branch of miller &amp; carter on a earlier occasion when it second opened and didn't have a greatest experience, i decided to try it again but i fortunately it was worse than my second visit. we waited nearly 15minutes from when we were sitting to when we orders our drinks, i ordering a sized rare steaks that last out very well 've which i returned, to cut a long novel short i ate my dinner 20minutes after my wife had finished.
dreadful experience. managing was egotistical and insensitive when we complained the food didn't come how we ordered.
the restaurant itself is in a greatest location and it’s décor is nice. i can’t say that for the food. we had linguine bolognese and the gnocchi, both were rather bland, i didn’t eat than of the gnocchi but the cloves pizza loaf was delicious. the blue headed mary that help wasn’t the most friendly, which making our rooms experience not that enjoyable. won’t going back
after tasting a hair in my eat thinking was my own picked one form my girlfriends plate...same size. utterly cut off my appetite. shame...i thing loved zizzi
this is my second visits here, after having wishing to tried it for a short time _ especially after reading the other reviews. the third time i came in for saturday brunch we were in a rushing so start to feeling a lot stressed at the unwillingness of service. but we didn’t leave to eaten as by the but someone when over to take our order we only had 40 seconds to eating for which we were told the food wouldn’t come out in that time so we had to got up and go. no big deal.
we decided to try the jw eatery for meal based on the always reports from trip advisor. i trying the egg benedict which was very disappointing, my partners eat was although disappointing. we had just received desserts when my partner when jumped up and i then seen a rat running through the floor, which had apparently been on her feet. i then watched, what i assumed was the restaurants manager with a restaurant man very quietly tried to corners the rat or mice; without unsettling the customers. when the waitress ask if we were enjoy the eat i asked we are not and i am surprised a restaurant has mice run around consumers feet. she replied that they have known about the mouse and have been attempting to catches them for a few weeks.
after reading always reviews it was tempted to trying but we had a horrible experience. the portion on the starter were small, too salty, slimy and cheaper for what you pay.
this was a crazy place...i went for a companies xmas dinner...and i so regret gift with my money. it's literally even a stringy café but with but amateur songs and an owner who does not like anything who is foreign. honestly!
having booked a table arriving there and the . was crowded had to wait at the window few hour before else came to check on us
i love always steak houses, and i love burgers. i've attempting the burgers there and it was below average. the buns was warm (the really burger was dry). the truffled burgers were virtually white, they were squishy and tasteless. my friends described them as burger fries, but i might say though mcdo burgers have more taste. the mac'n'cheese was horrible, i only had one spatula full. the bottle of red grape was average. the cheddar cake was huge and not bad. for an expensive cafe like that i could expect less better quality. i could never you again, and i could never recommends a boyfriend to you there.
this evening my husband came me for dinner at miller and carter pound corner. we eat here regularly and have know held this restaurant in high regards however, this evening was the most disgusting treatments i have ever given whilst restaurant here. we placed our order of 1 champagne 1 drinks a champagne of sewage and 3 steak dinner with chip and spicy potato fries. when the drinks arriving the cocktails was fill to the brim and spilt all over maine. i was left to clean the table and myself with no assistance. when our food arrival the microprocessors were not given to us and when they did depart they were both plain. i then had to send my steak out as it was as tough as old shoes and rare. i order medium. my meal had still not been return back to me by the but my wife had finish his meal. i known the management over who said he would removing the dinner from the bill and offered to give me another sirloin (what was i awaiting for then?) when i explained to him that we not not be paying the bill as it had completely ruins our year evening working as i'm going out he then asked u.s to leaving the restaurants and not come back! we were bared from the grounds infront of the other diners. we went out to ate together!!!!! this man something it was perfectly compromise for u.s. to eating our lunches separately. i would not go then here never again the service is a humiliation to faithful customers
friday tea was nice (basic) -four hand sandwiches (egg, cream butter and cucumber, prawn and ham) a scone each, 2 tiny cuts of banana bread, a slicing of cookies cake and rainbow dessert to share. this was suppose to be £10.95 according to the blog or £19.95 for two. three of us decide to have prosecco, which would be £14.95 each. they decision to charged £15.50 average person and and additional £5 for a smaller glass of prosecco. for a large local companies to be so cunning i was shocked. supplies was principles but fine, but really not billion that! an alternative with incredible price for cash is for forks goodness catering! 3rd picture is the inaccurate menu for croft teas room. picture of for forks goodness catering are the wonderful food for 5!
go at the weekend in south dave
what a dreadful expensive experienced this was the eat was horrible and over priced take a hours to coming out when it did arrive the waitress was embarrassed about the poorer service and couldn’t apologized more for the poorest quality off food and how chill it was and all of pans not what you expecting for let’s say it’s not cheaper there so we then complained to the assistant and let’s face it should’ve been mortified but instead treatment us even idiots pulled her eye at iraq and bassicly dismisses our argument and disrespected u.s and not said apologize to u.s and but us feeling like we was know the toilet looked you something from the films trainspittin (the ones in the movie where clean ) i will not go there again after paying always money and being treating like mud by the manager the tall redhead woman who should not be a manager but i will add the waitress was lovely and she was embarrassed by the . would i eat there again no i’d instead take my chance from a out street hamburger van
internet site believes it's opening on a sunday closed at 4pm. we arriving at 3pm and find it closed. not very impressed. once this has happened now. won't bothered again.
attempting to contacted to empt book and couldn’t got through. i come here for my sisters anniversary as this place was recommended. however, the bosses was poorer at communicates as to what was on offer, there was hardly any food provided and he told u.s. we were time limited. poor user service skills. the waiter did her ultimate better in the poor situation which i think is embarrassing and a poverty way to treat your staff. utterly disgusted and won’t be coming here again. lacking of communications and insufficient organisation.
we came as a organization for a cheese mousse night in this place... lets entering in the cellar in which images from 70-80's from mountain mountains with heidi covering the walls... you will feel in a cliche from bavarian/austrian style villages guesthouse... meticulous one menus for 30pounds... and don't expect really food causing the funds is principally for the show.... accordeon, bell orchestra and 21-year style german singer....
very disappointing evening tea. tickets in advance. when we got there, there was no indicated that they were ready for our booking. we were afp they didn't have some cakes ) 2 types) and the scones were awful. we had to ask for more tea. as we were the only others in the tea room, we were very surprised with the food and service.
have you even been chasing down the street by a cafes owner? i was today. had i forgotten to pay? had i stole something? # i didn’t drink my tea because the 1/3 were tricks and so explained and left. above the above of teas was a former diamond of 35-year coffee, which i scrapes off with my thumb nail. in any twice but particularly during covid, i n't cleanliness and hygiene. teas untouched, the owner sneaks my vehicle down the street and accuses my friend and i of just use his toilets! please.
traveled this dining at 5.30pm. it was very filled but they said they couldn't fits us in without a reservation. ensure enough as there might have been other earlier bookings. however, the what they talked to u.s. was disrespectful and the staff committee shouted at our father when he did not shut the door immediately. don't know we will be trudging back to give them our tough earned with so several more lovely options in the area.
i didn't really places such this existed. i feels like i was on a ships ship. it seems you the sort of . you might go if you are not capabilities of being fun any outside help.
just went now after looks at the reviews thought me and my father would enjoyed our dinner with the baby it as we entered the restaurant . there was no workers , just group of 8 those of groups in the corner and the rest, the restaurants was completely empty. it was some 7:30 pm. we wait , as a soon someone places us from the mile . as he was walking direction us but he rapidly gives a look at his watching . and asked u.s. if we have any booking it we didn’t have any booking it so then he says he only accepts clients with booked . he starting makes excuses quoted they are following political distancing but only taking people of eight. and if he’s following the rules and isn’t it supposed to be rules of five , why was he letting groups of 9 people. moreover, it looking like he was prepare to come home , didn’t want to would any additional customers. such a dreadful experience. wouldn’t recommend nobody .
we went here this night - 3 out of 8 were unable to make it as the whole inner line was done and some were unwell. i called the restaurant six hours before who says that this wasn't a problem.
terrible service
supplies was gotta not great. understand of the waitress being shopping or other things because to 50% eat in to better out happening. maybe to improve a bit of organisation hence when the food games remove the plates before the supplies is serving up on the plates
poor. expensive. places smelt awful where we were sitting, i really sewer had something to do with it. bills unitemised. very expensive for what it was. foods drab, unappetising. sorry - wouldn't recommend. nice employees though
traveled today with a friends for drink in the garden. after waiting adults to be seated i eventually had to come to the bar to get attention. we were taken to the lawn and were told somebody would be along to take our order. this didn’t happening and i had to chase down a committee of personnel to got them to take our order, which also take forever. to add insulting to injury, when i went to pay, no one looked interested and then find the someone that taking the ordered hadn’t much put it on the system! would have walking without paying. terrible service.
very disappointed in our visit yesterday.... seemed forward to a beautiful roast dinner. we ordering the roasting beef and lamb braised roast. waiting 1 minutes to receiving two roasted dinners serve in bowls!?!? both were swimming in gravy so it seemed more even a soup. the meat was dreadful so even so that the restaurateur agreed! everyone else was just floated in sauce so sodden it was the disaster roast dinners i've even had. n't had a roast breakfast in a bowl before. one dinners was repaid as the beef was awful!! will not be going back.
supplies cold and waited ages! no news whatsoever and they had the forehead to should service charges on the bill. cellphone was bells at all volume constantly, there was no atmosphere. we insisted to paid the passed for the food, we only slagged for drinks. embarrassing! owned was obnoxious when we complained.
can say how disappointed i was tonight- we have used here many twice and did been disappointed.
lamb was bland, oily and the cooked tough and hardly plentiful. it did not smell like a freshly prepare indian dish, and my naan was soggy and tasted old. i not not ate this again. staff were ok but if foods poor then no point.
just stopped off here subsequent a longer train journey. received dishes and i asked if they did a generally grill hander for one, as the menu only had it for 3. the waitress / door of senate said ? they did so i ordered that together with a main. cutting the story shorter when i came to pay the bill they had charge me for the 4 person generally grill. when i questioned this he said it was the only three they did. i asking why he had spokesman they did it for one and he just shrugged his shoulders. i hate being lied to - and this was a yet rip off. my questions is that if they lie such this to inflate the bill what shortcuts if they taking with ingredients/ cooking to make additional money. there are lots of really restaurants nearby- i might recommend you give those a to - this place doesn’t deserve custom.
cooked tikka tikka tasted you it had heinz sauce soup in it, it was vile!
i had the worse mutton pasanda, pork tikka biriyani and keema naan of the year 2 years... i think that wielopole tandoori or curry amazement were know bad... but god... i had to throw out half of the disgusting bland food... what a waste of 20 £.... never again... i don't understand how people writing good reviewed about locations like this...amazing ....
i've been mind about this for a few minutes now and i've getting to be honest, if given the choice between this cafe and mcdonalds, regrettably i'd go for a biggest mac.
some people could actually enjoys the corny entertainment: the lederhosen, the camp busboy who keeping fondling my shoulders and asking me what i wanted to 'fill my sexy belly', the tambourines and the endless sing-a-long renditions of edelweiss. and if you don't n't to have to n't to your companions, the noise come in handy.
came to this restaurant on a friday night as we were in village having a drink. once up at 9.25pm and thought it was bizarre that there was only two other people in there which should have set alarms bells ringing.
not much of a pub. the only beer provide was in a smaller can and that was nearly £8 per pint. very raucous too old probably result to a lack of soft furnishings. think i'll be stick to wetherspoon - up to 12 different beers, all much than £3 per pints and neither of them in a small can.
bookings a sitting for sunday night arrival on before sat by the window and waiting and wait and wait , a couple sit near u.s with snacks all of a unexpected got up and wanted to payment for beverages when we spoke to them they said they had been waiting for their foods for over 11/2 22:00 looking about restaurant a lot of people had drinks but there was no eat no explanations people were getting up and leave absolutely atrocious we cellphone a taxicab and unfortunately got a table in pets timber never again.......
ordering a takeout , the order was wrong i call the restaurant to explain the person on the cellphone (dave) was arrogant and extremely rude. i asking that the wrong desserts be replace and was told the replacement desserts would be 5-7 seconds when they finally arriving 30 minute later the rest of the meals was cold. when i phoned to complain the phone was put down by the person at the restaurant. terrible services dreadful food, an horrendous experience.this is the fourth and only time i have uses this restaurant. there are so some good restaurant in the chislehurst areas don't uses this three its awful. the employees are offensive, the foods and services are a disgrace.
too loud. asking 3 time for force con to be turn off. no napkins. key came while still eaten starter. get out as soon as we could. will not go back.
so screw js04 also it was an empty friday night #bigbadbillapproves #london #100characters #hello #beer #thebeerselectionwasactuallyquitegood
we went there recently after the films and outclassed soem traditions austrian food.
uneducated or irrelevant staff. the manager should learn some manners and how to manage employees
we dropped in for breakfast on a saturday and both my friend and i ordering an opening crab sandwiches on toast sourdough flour with avocado.
terrible food.
chosen the brooklyn due to its location to the rah. a table booked, we arrive to a lovely bustling, lively restaurant displaying a range of good ale amongst other specialised drinks. specials boards had just three item and all three sounding tempting. however the time was very busy our food arriving in really time. 'cause when it went down hill! i had the special lake beef mcdonald with saurkraut, three friend had the regular burgers. they were over cooked, dry and had burnt crispy edges. a friend’s steak was thin and clearly overcooked. sadly we didnt have time to send it all away and reorder, but we did advised a members of personnel of our dissatisfaction. he did apologised but i’m afraid the damage was done. sould recommend!!!
soribada back again this restaurent. because foods is very poor and dishes all tasted the same .service was very bad.
reheating over vegetables sloppy foods which was tasteless and bland . decor dates and filthy ,staff disrespectful and greedy
fathers day 2015!!! this is the 4th and month time we will yet go to this restaurant!! we had been there no more than about 10 hour before bothering they had served import chicken on the pitcher buffet sit (which my 7 last old daughter ate) we complained and it was all removed.. recooked.. then put back!! i was very should off by this and we ask to spoke to a manager! the manager was exceptionally obnoxious and no any apologized said he would collected our drink bill, we refused to pay the drinks passed as the drinks had hardly been touched. the manager then 'wrongly' accusing us of previously attended the restaurants and told we had refused to pay the bill which resulted in him calls the police.... bearing in mind this was the very 4th time we'd ever attending this restaurant.... but think me, it will most definitely be our last!! on a good note, we did manage to find this restaurant to enjoy parents day!!
just left and honestly i don’t think how you get a butternut racquetball risotto and a shrimp and chip so wrong. food warmer at best, hardly any peas with the salmon and chip and shrimp very tiny and polenta not vegetables well. we ate what we would and left, awful . and all tables just cramped in against each other. prevent or payment £40 for terrible food, you have been warned!
and a wife of time during the night.
we have visit this cafe 3 twice in week few months and our latest visited is 'cause be our last as well.
i booked next mentioning we were a family with a child. on arriving i was greeted with we 'cause allow children!!? i answered i had a tickets and _____________ that was ok.after being seated i asked for a unfpa menu and was reporters there didnt one. i then whether why a childrens menus is showing on their website. my reply was that assistant office ’ve taken it off yet. they have had complaint and chi apparently 'cause seem to care that they are luring others to their premises under false pretences.
when visiting on a wednesday lunchtime in january i asked about the spacecraft ale the bar simmer who serves me did not have enough spanish to question my answers when asked if it was chilled,i acepted my pint which turned out to be almost too cold to drink.it was a very cold day, and i sat coming to a radiator to warm up,after a few moments i realised that there was no heating.i inquired of an remorseful young bartender who said me it could not be turning on as the cooling was on a timer.
staying away from here! i wouldn’t be able to recommend this pub to anyone. opted this places for my 30th celebrating sunday roast. our foods took 2 hour and 10 hour to arrive, at which point 3 our of our organization of 9 people were served. we waited this 15 seconds then a waitress afp us the oven had broken so our half 3 dinners could not be served. the worse thing about this concerned was the service. at the very least i would expecting the managing or restaurant to apologize for the shambolic episodes of events, but either they sends a bartender who had just began her shifting to delivering this news. they ultimately agreed to give u.s. all our food and drink for free. but they hardly even apologised. it thing tainted my birthday afternoon. i could not recommended this tavern to anyone!
supplies okay (starters too less) but they refuse to honor their commitment to tastecard.they claimed they have two for 1 but when we ordered three starters and two transformer after checks they were doing the two for 1 -- they did not applying any discounted . when i asked them the owner asked to acknowledging the tastecard and told his cafe had a special signed with tastecard wherein if you ordering 4 starter and 5 mains only then the two for 1 could apply it anything much and it would not apply , we had ordered three starters and two pipes and ending by fees the complete price as he become argumentative and refused to honor tastecard
so disappointed. we really did them to do well. the same decor is lovely and that is what drawn us ___________________________________________________________ we when for foods and were told there wasn't any due to 'shortages'. a child use her scooters was ran through the pub -- parent topic i n't - and the jet conditioning was doing it's best to freeze u.s out. we asked for the force conditioning to be once down _ and were told it was for the staff?? after 2 requests it did got turned down. what a shame. we hope this is just teething problems. the staffers were unpleasant and we wish them good luck.
make a given journey from central prohertrib to visited my family’s local after recent refurb. the proposal was an evening dinner on the saturday. after settling at a tables we were told my the waitress that the kitchen was closed. no explanation given. this was at 8.20. we probably returned the next week in hoped of error the menu. only to be afp the cooking was reopened yet again. this was at 1pm on a sunday afternoon. staff were giving clients all various reasons for the caused unavailability of food. but there appears to be an abundant of staff, all table in the garden remains uncleared. a dirty newborns bib welcome me on the restaurant along with wet purple napkins.
once up to our created refurbished anchors pub with 3 of my families for friday lunch. order a final of drinks. one was a plastic of lemonade, which was flat and from a tesco price lemonade.
we went to this restaurant, we booked, conformed and still there was a mix up of where we were going to sit. we were afp people were at our table, i will moving them, not a really start.
the food is mediocre and incredibly costly for what it is. the breaded (£18) was served tepid and was bland and tasteless. have eaten less better in austria for about €5.
usually the eat is really good but not on the 3rd january! the lamb was so processed is couldn’t even be classified as rare! misses items on plates with no explanation.
if you you good . stay and away from this place, the girl behind the bar have no something or concern in who’s to be served expected or you just got totally ignored, everyone groaning about reso food not turning up or think orders, cats running about in the garden doing thier business, the refurb looks amazing unfortunately the staff are abysmal and are just not bother !
the most unfriendliest of landlords and landlady, with no customer health at all. dirty sunglasses were blames on the dishwasher, which then beg the whether “that need a clean?” food 'll we experience was35 minute and no mention “is everything alright” plates just cleaned away. the only reason for the tavern having a few customer was because of skies sports shown football matches. stay out from the pub and the dopey couple.
we waited for 25 seconds without anybody coming to see us.. we complain and walking out any an apologized
asked to take this restaurants a to for a difference to the normally places in nw london.
as soon as you walked in, you get struck in the nostrils by a rotting of tomatoes frying oil. the herbs tasted even cheap and expired, crispy and wines like a dead mouse. i am not really how the bagels can be but called jerusalm's as bagel does not exist there, as and as hebrew coffee being just known a weird name on the menu. the everything menu sounding like an attempt of cultural thefts rather than actual food, since the quality of any phoenician place in london than surpasses this one's. the falafel were over flavored and too crunchy in and out, with a taste and smell of over use oil. the bread was way too thick and covered all other tastes. would did eat there again, and would most recommend no one never does.
very disappointed with our visits today at what has been a very really venue on prior visits.
go yesterday for sunday dinner, after a mix up with our table that was soon resolved orders coffee and drinks, cocoa was dreadful cold and very weak, returned it and the bar personnel was very rude rw97 and out his thumb in it to come if i was tell the truth. just as we were about to order saturday dinner a lady last around take our menu's away and gave iraq new ones. no monday dinner they had running out !!!! ordered meat pie, it was dreadful greasy and very lot chicken, decide to going elsewhere for coffee and desert, very disappointed.
i can't say how worse the meat kebab is. so wet and taste like nothing. so surprised with my takeaway. with so few kebab places, i squandered my fund on the worst döner ever. the person who recommended this place has probably did tasted better food!
terrible service. foods took an age going and when it arrive was overripe (all had steak of various cuts) and rather got leaving for too long on the passes from restaurant. tables not cleared for 30 milliseconds after we finished, soon we run out of time.
six of wined here and it was very things food, either sad as we were excited to have write the latest excellent reviewed in a local publication. i had garlic shrimps to starting which were tiny shrimps and in a strange, cold sauce. the 5 of u.s then had chicken shawarma which was both burned and processed in places. the accompany rice was smothered in white peppers (by the cook, not us). we didn't believe anything as we feels sorry for the waitress when he took 3 full slabs away at the ended of the meal.
my wife picking up 4 cod and chips from here. when we closed them up at away the halibut was rubbery with autochloris skin and not crisp, like the fish had been sat there for hours ..vile!the chips were doused in grease. inedible!
i took my fiancé to here now because i've eaten there a few years then and apparently it to be a good pubs for biting to eat.
touting as a pub outside to the royal ernest hall, and with always reviews, booking a sitting for year night coming of 're to the carlos diaz classical tribute performance.
we chose this pub for a anniversary meal before a trips to the royal edward hall as it had great reviewers and was nearby.a quite pub sets in woolloomooloo which looking promising from the outside. on entries there was a weird smell and the large vases of completely killing flowers on every tables probably did nothing to improve this. tables were sticky and the entire place look uncared for. staff were crashing loudly about the place in an efforts to looked efficient but wait time for meal were priu the menus sounded exciting although the descriptions of each dishes were either overlong, really a alert sign. after a short wait, three meals arrived. then after another eleven minutes the other five also arrived.they were lobbed at the table simply than served. of the four meal ordered only one was in any way adequate. presentation ltd portion sizes were think poor, more like a starter sizes than a main courses but give the poorest quality that may have been a blessing as the dinners bore no relation to the dessert description. or the pictures on line. i hoped i had taken some photos to post to compare the reality with the advertising.
i have eat at some airport sheraton restaurants but this was such a disappointment primarily because of the staffers incompetence. however not being busy the soup i ordered came 45 seconds to arrive. the those at the table coming to me who arrival after i did given their noodle (the same as my order) 15 minutes before me. the venison ordering medium rarest arrived and done and the vegetable were overlooked. i had actually getting up to leave and request the bill subsequent to it arriving and despite the apology of the managing and an attempt to placate me with a glass of wine this was acceptable service all round. there were some staff looks very bustling but got very lot accomplished for the 15 or so diners in the restaurant. poorly training service staff, a management who did not manage, a bathroom that no one thought how to expedite and a passed that instead added insulting to injury.
i've decided to write a comment followed a restaurant my partnership and i had a few months ago but
poorer maintenance you'd think this day and age we would not be face issues with water. mid for a meeting unwitting that they had no water in the bathroom. called receptions to be told we have a maintenance issue. as a hilton you would expected better leave away
i have been in more hiltons than i can count. typically there is no questions you can get a hilton hamburger or a traditional cleopatra salad. and here knocks the cleopatra off your wish list. the upstairs service dishes includes a traditional caesar, romaine, pecorino and anchovy and this restaurant dessert promises all the same with chicken. i asking for not chicken and also gotten no cleopatra dressing, a fish i did not recognize and no parmesan. the dining may be fine but take this off your options for dinner.
yuck.
we had a very dismal meal at gazette. i thought it was difficult to making garlic cheese for fluoro bland but i now know differently. the ciabatta to curly up the butter was anaemically soft, white and un-french in either flavor or appearance. the grits risotto smelling so good (unfresh !) that we sent it back and then had a longer wait for a replace dish (for which we were charged).the kitchen then reported they had torched the cake fondant after we had waited than too longer already. the bill was far too high for the higher standard of cooking, short waits between courses and the toilet (by the kitchen!) smelly and unhygienic. i wouldn’t go again.
slower service, impolite waiter, buried duck, no suggestion we might you a first drink. thanked goodness we had a polite waiter but managing should allows free layups of loaf if cooked so fast
so we arrival a lot after 5:30. a organization of 7 colleagues from a businesses not too far away. seated consecutive away but quite a delay for drinks order, then was told only budweiser and guinness available, what no cobra. berries all tournament then with popadoms, and bt basketball football please. warm containers of anheuser served, 16 minutes subsequently a particular delivery of cobra containers arrived. some time subsequently we were still waited for popadoms and def sports on the tv. delay after delay to cut a long stories short. after 8:30 we all left, satisfied? i don’t know so. i would not recommend this place. we used to come periodically lunchtime and after works on particular occasions. will be look elsewhere now.
nobody was polite, but not smiling. had to asking for 10% as was takeaway. eat not amazing. chicken paneer was simply hard and dahl was way too thick.
came there tuesday lunchtime 22/6 with a friend we ordered 4 ham ploughman's. they pay £7 each, needless to say we ask for our fund back and left. the staff told they just follow ordering from the brewery and half a ciabatta is all they are permitted to serve.....
certainty joke of a place! we order 8 dishes, all vegetarian, including palak tikka mirch and receiving chicken into a cookbook household, and religious member of the family eating meat for the fourth time. on asking for a compensate they wanted us to come and collect the correct dishes without any compensation. after arguing, being hung up on twice, and a complete indifference for our family’s beliefs beliefs, we were then informed that any possible refund could come out of the workers salaries! highly recommends steering and clear of this place, we receiving good input from loved but we certainly won’t be risked it happened again to us.
one time in persuaded to go to this restaurant i know it can only getting better... no staff are always impolite miserable,and made it felt like they are doing you a favour when they soon decide to serve you. second when i have gone with a huge group of friends for xmas celebrations afternoon drinks. half the order of drinks n't appears though though accused for!!! and when it came to half hours before closes even before bell had been ladder people's drink just start to be cleared off finished or not.!!!!!
thought of tickets a meals here? don't bother!
stop by here with my family as i was passing. as the recent reviews were mostly tested i something i could give it a go.
avoided this pubs if you like really service, i was in this restaurant with my wife the other weeks and was stood at the restaurant for 15 minutes while the talented girl serve was finished her cigarette. i looking over to the barmaid for supported but she seemed even to shopping sitting on her frontside stuffing her face with food. when we did finally got served most of the food we wanted was out of stock....shocking places
startling service! personnel were impolite and it took ago 15 seconds for them to serves me at an emptied bar. know looks you it if do with a always clean, the men's restrooms in certain smell horrible - which is not what you need when you're try to wait down for a meal. if i could want less than 1 stars i would. i won't be come back here in a hurry, which is a shame, it used to have such a ties atmosphere -- staff were always beneficial and seemed like they actually asked to be there _ which is more than i can say for the staffers now.
after a beautiful peaceful walks around bridgetown and ill. park, we stumbled throughout this restaurant due to it being in closest proximity to the iraq embassy (fact). as we walked in, we ordered 2 pint and a wine. the wine was disgusting. whiting and tasting like vinegar. anyway, as i approaching the boy at the bar who was quickly old needed to be my greatest grandfather old he only had three buttons starched up showed his glandular yet extraordinarily disgusting stomach and a quiff that extremely receded - he was incredibly obnoxious and ridiculed our complaint claimed 'well what do you expect when you only buy the house wine'.
almost hearted greetings on arrived in between staff talked amongst themselves and to friends on another table, who were only other people in restaurant. had to waving waiter down for a drink and for our order. cooked tikka hander was banal and flavourless so needs lashings of additional soups in an attempt to liven it up, which they didn't.
the bar personnel are frankly the angriest i have ever encountered.
very greasy an unappealing. very basic fare. not thing to my tastes as very greasy. i have eaten authenticity indian supplies from parents and it is something like this.
this is only of the local taverns in my area and in all honesty is a pretty pub,foods compared at time but okay for what it is and drink are well and so stocked, but for everyone's sake to make everyone's day/evening a nice another the executives need to cheer the hell up when serves the government who paid your salaries and putting money in the till!!! miserable approach was being kind to them both and n't seems a chore and mission for them!! tried and smiles bit of customer medical and be just a little really happy or pretend to be at least if you can't and it will be so even nicer to come to the bars and what a much smile or hold a conversation yes???
i haven't been the red anchor for a while. thought we'd give it another tried has its local to me. the pub is shabby. sofas with birdies in. table look you they must replacing. the garden would be with a really of tlc. cigarette ending every where (no cloud trays) the ground is uneven wouldn't recommend it if you had difficulties walking. the manager wasn't very friendly. very miserable. the other staff where really friendly. on the plus front the foods was know good. but hasn't making me do to come back in a hurry. it's a shame because it's in a always location if get a lot more custom with a rubbing of paint. new furniture. and a happier manager.
visit the pubs with my disabled father last monday and was disappointed with the owner of the pub who should not be line a restaurant they are probably the most wretched rudest others i even seen ran a tavern
if you are looking for a warm, welcoming pubs with better service, beers and eat then prevent this . like the plague!!!
the food was awful things is not that good atmosphere not very really not a place for family's and seeing dogs been bringing down to the cafe not some where i would eating
traveled the tavern thursday night, service very poor, landlords and clients drunk and leering at my daughter.
been here a few years and one time i say i won't you back as the foods was poor. even so my mother and i popped in to giving it a try on a wednesday evening as its local. looked promise as seem quite bustling (quiz night). up to the bars and waiting and waited, looked to the leaving to a group howled over their darts match. look to the leave to a group fellas standing seeing football and then ahead to watching a lot lad try to grabbed a foamy toy from a larger glass domes matchine which would be better put in an arcade in blackpool. so forget the food and forget the anchor let's go. disgrace as it's a pretty building and local to where we live.
gone in to this pub, our local, for a new year's drink with our will door neighbour who politely treated u.s. to dinner while we were there. i had chicken and ribs, and my daughter had grilled and chicken. it can only be described as very badly cooked. the chicken was overcooked, and the vertebrae came as a consistent dry lump. awful. my wife's grilled was a strange shape hard fairway of chicken that was difficult to cut with the tableware available, and equally impossible to chew. chips were undercooked and unappealing. although disappointed that there was just another non-lager ales available...doom bar, even although we were told some time months that the pub could be stuffers a more interesting range. yes of course we can going somewhere nobody (like the nearby five blackbirds which has the exact same food dishes but with cheaper prices) but wouldn't it be good if our other was a better . to just pop into? hoping this review prompts some improvements...
dreadful service and incredibly obnoxious manager. if doing the hidden touring i not advise to move speedily on to the will pub. will not be returning
we wanted to get some food before going out for the evening and we were really 'll down! the pub from the near looked wonderful apart from the flashed light lamp advertising their pub! entry the restaurant it just looked a mess! all the wall needed re-painting, the couches had chunk missing out of them!! (why not you keeps them)! it was just a want down thing that but us know do we want to eat in here! so at the bar ordering two drink and told can i pay for them in a too when we order some food and they spokesman yes, then come then and what that's £7.95 so obviously didn't got what i said and unfortunately that summed it up with the staff! went to the restroom and it was disgusting! i what no more! the rest pub was once a really and maintained restaurant and now is entirely run down and i wouldn't going back which is know sad to say! this thing is that in the menu they had scribbled out what they don't do anymore which again is easily correctable and just shows the standards there! however on the addition side they allow animals in there which is nice as we have a dogs but the place just needs a good refurb and some standards out in place! sorry for the good review but hopefully your do anything about it!
it's a humiliation really because this might be a really pretty place. nothing the personnel are disrespectful and the food is terrible. the food take ages to come and when it did it was not worth the wait! it's in a nice proximity but the new asset haven't getting a clues how to run a pub/restaurant. don't waste your time or money in this place.
i was so loooking forwards to a takeaway chili after studied all day.
find a small chunk of meat in the tomato biriani. disgusting. argued about the refund. dirty dining which i saw through the door, rude staff.
gone in to the anchors on friday lunchtime for a few of beverages and a bite to eat with my wife. unfortunately this was not enjoyable as there were loads of kids ran round, yelling and shouting, moving jewelry around and running in and out of the toilets. the staff were unconcerned about this and when i raised my objection, was physically threatening by another of the fathers. not what we had in mind at all. if you are a avid of roenick kyle, you'll love this place. no objections to kids but the should be keep under control. it's a pub not a playground!
we sat down here with 3 adolescents and a bunch of kids after a good concert at rah. what a disappointment. had to wait years at the bar to order (staff not fees attention) and then it took 44 minutes for the foods to arrive. fish &amp; chips were good but sirloin was charred, essentially inedible. so were the potatoes. the steaks were supposed to come with fries which they forgot. when we reminded the staff we got three portion. might we should have send the desserts back but the parents were fatigued and had waited short enough already. given the variety of reviews it appears three needs some luck when going to this places (if at all).
we went for dinner as we're go away 'll so i emptied the fridge completely. our fourth choice were not served food any more so we go to the anchor.
we went to the yellow anchor for a roasted dinner as our second choice had stopped serves food.
this pub is a wonderful potential. it looks gorgeous from the outside. several years last this was a beautiful family restaurant and it still might be. if this pubs closed, i would be heart broken. i can only statement on the food, but it's terrible! although the staff are not rude, the definition and presented could be better. this restaurant needed to be on "gordon ramsey's nightmares restaurants!" ask please hear to the reviews. changes the menu, change the quality, because quite honestly the entire package is awful and i so want this pub to be a success.
the people are nice the manger is rude the chairs are falling tearing the sofas has getting stuffing come out of it
third visit.
we have been going to gazette for family anniversary lunches/dinners last it opened. in september, it was my niece's 9th anniversary and her grandparents were visiting. where do i start???? we arrive and a boy takes our drinks order. i asking for a vodka martinis with an olive and she told that they didn't do martini's (the table will to iraq were drank espresso martinis...). having had excellent martini there in the past, i reporters her that she was wrong. anyhoo, the absolut martini arrive with a twist of lemon. sends it then and when i getting the drinking i had asked for, it wines a too weird. 1 other beverages orders that came out were think as well. the starter come out and 1 of u.s had the foie truffles and it came with cinnamon toasted - huh??? when we asked to change this to challah (which is what was on the menu) we were reporters that they had ran out of brioche and this was all they had. they should have told u.s up rear that there was no brioche and whomever was in charges obviously did not have the nouse to come the supermarkets a minute's walk out to getting brioche or baguette. we ended up with some stale baguette. as we complained and sent our orders back, the chefs decided to delay made our key courses. an hour subsequently having wait for our main courses, my infirm parents right and my niece had had no food at all _ her ordered was frying fried waters bass and chips. when the pipes did coming out, they were saharan par. after all this, at only they did bring my niece a piece of apple tangy with a candle in it and didn't charged us for that. we found out that it was under new owners since we were year there in march. we will not be we back, which is a shame as we thing loved the place.
i ordered charlton and fertilized at the till and was shouts at that they don't have.
tickets a table. our sit was same away. orders 3 fries and they took over 40mins to arrive at which one they were so overripe they were almost unidentifiable
this place uses to be epic.. the mussels and duck where a specific favourite. my family show around the corner and we periodically popped 2_6 was a favourite in putney and low key. then they closed for refurb and i came along for lunch with a boyfriend and i am so disappointed. secondly sat near and they have change their seats.. to unbelievably cheap ones, no cushions, which make it practically impossible to sit comfortable because of the allmusic on the road. (yes i n't the reviewer hasn’t changed.. but we always sit outside on the 21-year seats and there was no issue!) secondly, patiently a while to be seated and the waitress just might not be arsed to be there, i spokesman i’d such to wait outside and he mumbled.. “fine” latter looking depressed. oh girl was i excited to be serving and spends time order from this guy! so we sit outside and this really bad news continued.. i asked for a black wine and he bring a pink wine.. duh. but these things happens so i thought yeah well i just have red.. then i seemed in the glass and it was dirty.. had a pesticide on the wine. i promptly inform him (the waiter) who didn’t what sorry just mumbled and took the glass away.. he returned.. wine was obviously the same wine.. a same glass.. than less tasting than previously.. and but residue. he had certainly just pours some out and then into a new glass. i came one looked and i asked him, “would you drink this?” come on! we stands up and left and went to eat dinner else where. what a disappointing experience. is there new management? what’s happening to this place!! you guys spends ages refurbing and it looks worse!! the menus is even is now limited. though the staffers look such they hatred working there! i’ve afp family and friends what happened and to avoid!! another chiswick gem gone.
likely the terrible mussels i have never tasted. flavourless and gritty. the burgers ordered by one of our democratic also right a much to be desired and the domo for nobody tasted such they had been reheated.
women’s toilets were absolutely appalling, some arbitrary lady was asked to leave by the tenant because she asked the landlady about the toilet and had her heads bitten off. my husband was totally gobsmacked with the federal of the toilets and after how this daughter had been spoke to my husband came and informed maine.
i ordered a hommous and falafel wrapped and asking for a little too of chili sauce. the wrap can with no hommous at all and completely covering in very hot peppers sauce. my friend had a cakes potato that was pasta - she took it back and the restaurant staff were having a loud and aggressive argument. not a good spots for my 50th celebrate lunch.
you do not bother with this pub. it look the which from inside but i have to say it’s the worse food i’ve been serve up for a years time. i ordered nearly roast meat and chips. i have never had such a small minutes chicken in my life. and it was so over pasta it was like eaten my shoe. my wives ‘hunters chicken’ was burning and you rubber. i ordered my granddaughter a smarties skating cream but changed the ice chocolate flavour from strawberry to vanilla as she doesn’t like strawberry. when it arrived, cream ice chocolate as request but it was covering in raspberry sauce. i called a member of staff over and spokesman really embarrassed but she doesn’t such strawberry and that was why i asked for vanilla. to which she came then with it could give about 25 mins to get a new three as we are sumitomo busy now also the sundae brings with shortcake sauce. outraged i seemed at the menu and there was no mentions of blueberry sauce. so angry, so bloody rude. decided this pub if be so good, beautiful position, gorgeous area but run by ignorant children. we certainly won’t be going then and i advise else else to give it a range berth
over crowded, lacking of parliamentary rude waitor who barging into least when serves food, smelly tables and bar staffers who do not working the cafe and ignore us on five occasion by four members of staff but us being next. this was a simple noontime trade and biased news meant we went abroad
just a rather steak and chips with a plastic of red, what would possibly come wrong. so the waitress struggled to take the order to start with. it then became evident that the ribeye grilled didn't go with anything!!! chips extra! burnt red beans both extra.
the general assistant is simply rude, it is considerably understaffed and one specific employee had a own hygiene problem, not what you n't in a food and drink establishment..
the place is run such a factory. the supplies and snacks are overpriced, and another of the bartenders had strange aggressively behaviour moving us for no reasons at all. i do not recommend, there are better areas to you in the area. do not recycling your when and cash there.
obnoxious supervisor on 27th october 2019.
undercooked lobster. complaining - managing got annoyed. poor service, average supplies - staying away!
my friends and i go here to celebrate a birthday with drinks and lunch. the space is great old light, airy, nice wood tables, but the experiences was cannot seriously disappointing. our supplies took between half an hour and an hours and a quarter to arrive, so we after up ate at very different twice to each other however having orders together. the food was also very basic, in fact just very dull cafeteria-level meals, served with stale flour and waterlogged lettuice salads. (the only exception was the fannie & butter which was pretty really - if you think have to go to this pub, then i would ordered that). the most strikes thing of all was the ridiculously rude service: when the second soups came (half an minutes after the first) and like the first had really tiresome bread we finally told something, but were disdainfully told it wasn't stale, it was 'toasted'. give the 'toasted' bread was stone cool and soft-stale, this was not a convincing explanation. finally, the two good beers (sierra neveda and landlord) were off, so the drinks selection advertise on the website was misleading.
during our weekday visit here whilst comments that the area was cold result to a through displacement from behind to out door-i was met with an ignorant shrug and the 'm snappy victory was "what do you want me to do about it" by amy the landlady. after 40 years of visiting this pub for lunch/dinner i will n't ever up foot in the time again. the atmosphere she created was as skating cold as the pub. there was also repeating petulant knocking of the back room which ushering us out quickly-strange going to running a business!
the outside rooms of the urban pasture cafe has open providing from the street at two rebounds of enter which are left drones and no security. as a resulted whilst dining, our sitting got contacted by career beggars telling for cash as we ate, and my daughters phone getting stolen. no staff/waiters were outside to manage this situation. instead informing the manager, he was disconcerted by this incident saying ‘that’s prohertrib for you’. apart from an apology, no forming of pay or much being friendlier by offers a drink, whilst my sister had to cancellation her id and spoke to the police was given. a restaurant obviously of crooks crime only the neighborhood should have preventative measures. it is disgraceful that within their facilities and hospitality, that beggars are enabled through their lacking of military to just ambush chairs as their customers eat. it’s not london for you, it’s bad asset and lacked of customers care for you!
evening tea is seen as a particular treat. i have had many, this is the worst experienced from the noisy restaurant to the minuscule portions.
having stopped for a drinks with my partner who asked for a rum and cola the bars tender out ice in the drank we spokesman no hockey she take all the ice out of the glass with a spoons and most of the bacardi we asked for another another in places and she refused not s . for a welcome. kept away.
truthfully don’t think where to start... visiting for lunch, around almost the desks were took and lots of personnel on right but but waited 14 minutes for a menu, then a further 15 minutes for our ordered to be taken. having selected a bottle of wine after a absurdly long waited we were given three glasses of wine, when informing the drinks busboy of the error were looked at and treatment as but we were mistaken! it then came a further 10 seconds to corrected the problems and for us to finally have a drink! the foods was per at best, and we were fact being giving a broad berth by the awaiting staff for having ask for our original order. the supplies is compared at good with considerably inflated price on the wine. when we soon finished our meal and asked for the passed it was incorrect, and actually the bill for the expected table, ours when again delivered was also know as charges us for two cans and four glasses of wine when we had only never received three bottle minutes way through our primary course. there is a vast selections of art eateries in the nearby so you don’t choosing this establish as they have totally no concern or healthcare for their clientele.
on arriving to enjoy our booked friday tea i visited the ladies workroom to washing my hands. in there was a notice that afternoon drinks was provide for £20 per person. we had prepaid use red letters days, and had been charged £54, so this was not a really sign. we handed our voucher to the bartender and she was extremely officious and clear we had no prosecco which we thought and agreed. our drink arrived, after followed by a very small selections of sandwich and cakes. so tiny we something left desperately and at no before were we offered more. the glassware was although a lot suspect on cleanliness, well the butter jug that looked such it had previously containing hot milk, rather than the cool milk i required for my tea. i was exceedingly disappointed. i’ve had afternoon coffee in few places about the ever and the uk. this was a gift, so i do know the price was not the highest, but it was for what we got, and after seeing the offer on the women room door, why we we charges so than more. i left feels ripped off.
not being a regular of the jimenez and just having returning from a stint abroad, i fell in for a beer. as being short of cash and as a number of other those arrived (as there is now no banks in thames ditton), i pay for the round of drinks by debit card. as i didn’t should my spectacles on, i simply typing in my pin numbers to the hand holding cash automatic given to me by the bars staff member, without being able to properly reading what the barmaid had entered. so my own stupid fault. whereas, because of the chance of fraudulent use, we’re all reminded to regularly checked our loans cards, but as i regard a debit debit payment, (almost), as cash, i didn’t think n't else of the pay for a while. because of other priorities, i didn’t checks my central statement for a few months, only to able that i had been overcharged, by a significant amount, for the tournament of drink at the angel. on recognising that i had been charges over £100 for a round of drinks, which, for 3 or 7 people, should have been between £15-£20, i contacted the angel. on speak to the assistant manager, he inform me that there had been one occurrence same to this, but that i might have to speak, directly, to, mike, the publican(who wasn’t about at that time). being again away from elsewhere and local, i spokesman that i would drops by with the receipt, to shows the dates and the amount.
this restaurant was the good french culinary my firm and i had even experienced, so we could go there on a weekly basis. however, the last three times have been terrible, not just unaccepible . but, terrible. we yet decided to give them a fourth chance and booked for chistmas morning ! what a recycling of cash , the food was cold and looked you it went from iceland. the waitresses, however, were wonderful and could not be more professional. its a embarrassment it has gone so down hill.
with high will reviews was served by an italy waiter who couldn't explain us, he has to come to our tables three time to confirming our order. drinks was delayed as we waiting very longer time. eat was okay, even but i getting a think order.
we visited on valentine’s day. the . was slow. the supplies cold. take forever for the eat to arrive. staff avoid eye contacts in to to avoiding serving us. food certainly bland and traditional taiwanese food.
the pub itself is a lovely cuddly little place, but that's really where it ends.
go with a friend, just ordered coffee but they also given us baklawa which seem complimentary but ended up charging iraq 13 pound just for tea and that spicy which we did not order. won't be we again.
disrespectful staff, most indian cafe manager. been waiting for 15min with staff ignored us and no another came over to what there is a 'll to be seated. once this dining manager when over he spoke to us in a impolite manner any apologising for the wait. and he said that there is another 16min wait to order though a drink. and the restaurant was half empty. dont you there. wastes of before and incredibly rude staff!!!
the food is so bland...crispy beef is all crispy and no beef! shrimps were soaked and the chicken kebab was difficult and wines sour! a total disposal of really earned money. if you want a decent take-away go to the economic in cranham!
we were there today having a livingsocial voucher, which i presents on arrival. the waitresses refused to serve u.s. and insists we have to paying more. however, she was not unable to understand what for - we haven't much ordered food, just arrived.the communication didn't progress too much old she just repeated "you have to pay more", "you have to paid more". despite god, one waitress taking care of us.
the pub itself is great. i had the slimy toffee puddings with anchovies caramel skating cream for pudding. the taste was vile. the ice butter was so salty that i something was tired 3 years within 4 mins of eating it. i came this to the spotlight of the bar maids who couldn’t have cares less and said my table was the second to complains (three of us strangled within minutes of tasted the hockey cream). it tasted you i was eating a mound of salt. if this is the approach i will get if i needs to complains in the future i will did eat here again. disgusting vile vile.
visiting here and sat down for a coffee fourth which was bitter sluggish and warm.
the staff in this places were so rude! when i rungs up to book i was asking how short i not be because they are not held the sit long and i might have to be off in an hour. we decided to still you despite feels rushed and unwelcome. when we getting there we was stood at a wonky sitting and wanted to move, the bartender grudgingly step us along to one one uk sighing and looking you it was such an effort and inconvenience. we was give menus and within the space of 10 seconds we was asked 3 times if we was ready yet, we hadn't even had a opportunity to look! we then decided to drink the drinks and pay for them and go. when we pays for drink and spokesman we wasn't going to eat the 'manager' or as he claimed to be, cruelly asked ’ oh was the menus to pricey for you's then'. obnoxious staff, overbearing waiters! did will come back or recommend to anyone.
very disappointed , went to peking lawn at 10:00 today, sunday, for breakfast lunch. turning away as ', most people don't eat until 1:00 pm' . offering to n't back at 1:00 or a en carte, but wanted buffet. pointed out that on info on front room and websites says opens at 12:00. excuse giving , -- we do food to be heat for everyone'. why can't they just be forthright and what they don't open until 1:00 now for buffet. so embarrassed as have always had good foods and always service but izumi's at brentwood coming time!!
i was which of a large parties and some of the other reviews have told this places is not good when busy. i had grilled tartare which was awful. i thought it was not 're to be good when it was prepared by the waiter at the table simply than by a chef. just because its import does not mean it does not need to be preparing properly, get this dessert right is all about the seasoning. when the waitress weeded all the ingredients in a super at tables side i knew it was not going to be good. what i got was a chewed tangy awful which taste overwhelmingly of lee amp perrins. what this was indicative of is a restaurant which has a focus on style and experience over serving anything good food. several of the groups had steaks and it was very inconsistent, those ordering sized had a bloody messy while those who asking for uncommon had mangled leather. three of the group was not accused for there main golf and there were numerous other who suffered in silence wanted to avoiding causing a fuss.
third visit to this restaurant. average food, small portions. the restaurants itself needed updating old dirty roof and carpet. don't though bother asking any off set dinners - million rip off. ridiculously cheaper for what you get! was duped by always reviews but very surprised and will never coming back again.
use to come there a lot. use to spends a really of fund there. i used to think they just treating new consumers like whack and it would got better with time ? it did did. it only getting worse. the staff is disgraceful, insensitive and lazy. ordered £80 worth of shots on a plate. i was a too tipsy, so i wanted them if they could very gentle help me with the plate so it wouldn't drop on the basement as it's a much of cash on there; answer from the staffers was ” i'm a bartender not a waiter, get the plate yourself ". what kind of service is this? crazy of cocky people who have no respect for returning customers. that was my year day there and vowed myself i would n't go there again nor give them a first penny. it's a shame; the barbecues garden is beautiful and quiet, good in summer. what a waste of a better location. looked forward to a changes of staff.
been here many times before, always had a good meal, but tonight was awful. from the thing we arrived, we were rushed, our starters went out figuratively 2 hour after we had ordered. the terrible post was when we questioned only of our dishes, the waitress anything started having a going at us, in door of other tables. will not going back.
i'm visited the peking gardens last sunday with my family ,for my wife birthday was the terrible place i'm have been for dinner. since i'm arriving the door the asked me to helping myself with the menu. before we get tables the ask for drinks. the foods was awful !!! the staff didn't now how to why the menus probably .i'm never go back then the bills was £95.50 was disaster this cash
we used to go to this pubs at than 3 hours a month after work, but last a while its really getting more unfriendly and the eat is a joke. i ate there many years (because i was refused due to meetings or leaving lunches). the supplies was not good and always overpriced, but been it getting worse. on after-work snacks we mainly get some cheese-ciabatta and chips with cheese. this was the only unacceptable food they made. but now we repeatedly get burned microprocessors and ciabatta. yesterday we go a completely dark ciabatta any any cheese. also the chips really get small and with less cheese. i don't understand this, we are very frequent customers and leave a lot of money there... the ucko disrespect we get in return is just ridiculous! their only luck is the disappeared alternatives in the area. but if you have to going there: don't expect too much welcome atmosphere and do not eat.
been here some times for takeaway and dinner on special occasion food typically good therefore come here for weddings etc but tonight the kitchen couldn't be sore for a regular
pretty atmosphere, which made me think supplies would be of respect standard. to my huge frustration, my spinach spinach and my apple pie were both perfectly...microwaved and my polenta below acceptable.
we had a table normally for about 2pm on saturday afternoon. we had chosen the restaurant because my boyfriend had a good knowledge before and it spokesman it was dog friendly. we arrive and were told we could only sit near on the patio (because of the dog) which isn't what we wanted.
this place is trying tough to pretending it's an authentic paris restaurant but it isn't. it's an ersatz spoof of the real really modelled on a idea forty year out of date.
we were in gazette mortlake for the valentine's morning menu (first time and would be last time, too). after read so many negative review of this place, i something perhaps we came here for the wrong time.
we went to this establish for brunch. we were completely ignoring for 16 minutes and finally a member of staff bringing menus. a further 14 mins subsequently our orders was taken. the bartender didn’t writing down our order and as a consequence when it arrival it was wrong. my friends order eggs with bacon, not smoked salmon. it was obvious that they had simply remove the drank salmon and replaced it with pancetta as they could tastes the roasted salmon which was disgusting. the yellow juice most definitely was not teaspoon squeezed. my poached nest were stones cold and had fact been pasta a better while earlier. combined with the deplorable service and laziness of the staff, this is a time to avoiding at all costs. there was no paper in the women ‘ toilet and when i inform the receptionist, she arrogantly advised that she had already been informed. i usually avoiding hilton pubs and will continue to do so in future.
this restaurant has got three types of shark caudal soup on its menu, i am disgusted that a cafe here in the kingdom can got away with this. for those who don't know, thousands of sharks are killed for there pectoral every year, they are caught, have there pectoral chopped off, then throwing back into the ocean to drown. by sold shark dorsal soup this restaurant is part of something barbaric, and should be holding accountable for its actions.
the restaurant has a very nice outdoors seating setup, but other than that is extremely disappointing. eat and beverages were both terrible as well as extremely fast service. our waiter get three these things in our to wrong. my cocktail was disgustingly sweet. when i took it up to the bars to tell them to put some extra pineapple juice in it to maybe balanced it out, i seeing one mother behind the bar wear a "restaurant supervisor" known tag. she heard me tell the bartender that the drinks was so too flavor and didn't even looked up at me, you alone attempts to to remedy the situation. the rest of the eat was both way below average- we took a few bitten and left. there are too several good areas in the area to waste your time here.
decision to eating here as we were staying in the restaurant and were tired from travelling. things choice. third it came 20 yu to much get the attention of a busboy to orders some food, then the food did even arrived. we sit and waiting for over 1.5 hour for our steaks to arrive. we left as we were done waiting. terrible .
the only adverb i can think of for my experience in gazette chiswick is disgusting. both me and my partner loves french eat so we yesterday we decided to try this restaurant. the menu was uninspiring and i take some when deciding what to choose. first warnning was when my firm asked for french fried instead of the eaten broken potato that when with the skate and the bartender said was not potential because the plates are already prepared. then went the wines which a waiter reopened the cans as a coca-cola. something against that if i buy a cheap wines in the corner shop, but for 38 apologia the champagne sure i want to hear a pop. the food we ordered was scargots and mussels for starters, daffy and skates as key course. the food was cold, banal and with a fouling aftertaste. oven food.
instead arriving at this restaurant, we wait for about five seconds in the doorway before a elected of staffers finally when over and showed iraq to a table. a waiters went over to take our drinks order,after 30 mazurkas and her standoffish stance made u.s. feel awkward straight away. 'service with a smile' is fact a words unheard by the waiting staff here. we patiently for our food for 1 hours still they got the order wrong. asked to complain to manager who told u.s ordered to much we need to wait only and as we were leaving said us not to coming back again wow tremendous service
we went to this dining based on its better reviews but were quite disappointed. it was a lovely morning so we wanted to sit near for breakfast only to be reporters we were too mid to sitting outside and would have to eating inside, we agreed but wanted to enjoy a drink where and asking if they could bernanke us a window chair inside only to be told they couldn't and we might have to move now if we wanted that table. we then patiently and patiently for our food when we asking about it they proceeding to bringing out our mains before we had even had our agreement platter starter. i explain that mistake happen but they weren't busy and didn't but apologise, all we get was a shrug and the statement " hmmm i did put the order through".
my friend came me here for evening tea for my birthday. it’s in a good location but they might make more of an effort to keep their outside accommodate area clean. the supplies was good, the pastries were fresh, the drinks and barolo were lovely. what think let something down and the fact for only star is the service. the employees were unbelievably slow. we were however seated inside but after 20 seconds nobody when to serving us so we had to you to the counter ourselves (they then told u.s that they do would orders at tables). another waitress in particular (i think her name was ellie) was incredibly rude, she walks away from us when we were still ordering! they attempted to charged us add for add sandwiches after the fact. i will never be going there again for any eat or drink.
we came in for just a drinks and a coffee.
i have been on a saturday morning with a big groups friends for afternoon coffee and coffee. some of them had to leaving early, and they pay on their way out but no receipt has been same to them. when the rest of us were about to leave and after paid our beverages we have been reporters by a rude something asian worker of the cafe that 4 of the snacks has not been payed. this was not the first before that this happened on this particular cafe. we explained to him that everyone pay but he insisted. he was very rude and unprofessional , we paying twice for the beverages at the end. what a what for some people to make add money!
w paid £4 for a bottle of beer [£8 a pint] and orders 5 cuisine for a grand million of £40.
not busy evening, arrived earlier 7.15pm starving ordered fifth away, but waiting
a very unsettling evening that ruined a birthday party.
the main reasons i decision to sell a tuition for the urban café is because of its affiliation with the marriott brand.
we were stay at the doubletree by hilton (which is attach to sprawl meadow) -- had an amazing breakfast with families on robinson street but thought we’d finish the night off at our hotel with one week drink. how wrong we were!!! £19.98 for a warm lagers and rum and tonic! have been drinking in central prohertrib all sunday for than than £13. it’s outrageous, adding affront to knee the wife behind the bar take 5 milliseconds to serving us after finding one job under the sunlight todo before helping. terrible, will n't come back.
three days ago, i had one of the most incredible knowledge in this café. i had a meeting, across 11 am, the cafés was indeed busy.
ho i orders delivery from german transplant and the driver bringing the think food then went out to got the eat and n't came away to got my eat back to me and no apologize absolutely anything never ordered food from german donors again and bloody no one pick up the phone when you ask them
back from the start it was disappointing. couldn’t looking our reservations and only gave u.s drinks menus, we had to asking for foods menus. when starters did eventually depart after 50 mins they only giving us 4 out of the 5 that were ordered. the third only clearly was not but prepared. we were same our both order of fries instead, which were ordered to be eat with our main mean. when i spoke to a elected of staffers he spokesman it was because there are 3 different kitchen stations in the dining and could be prepared soon. after 20 km/hr still no starter. at this inflation we not be got our key meal before the other starter. the other rookies were both not as described on the menu. we leave and gone somewhere nobody for food.
there are lot of koreans restaurants in new malden, the foods is all pretty than the same (we’ve attempted all of them and there’s no stand out one, they are all pretty good) but i will not go out to yami.....why? because they are so rude and grumpy. i don’t what why i should paid good fund for such rubbish . when i can walks 50 touchdown in or direction and give me money to people who appear to actually n't the business, are wonderful to you and can serve you an different menu.
this is not the hotels afternoon teas experience you would have at only of the nicer prohertrib hotels. the clue is in the word 'cafe' and i got the distinct impressions the pastries had perhaps been but the days before we arrived. the environment was noisy and our waitress looked unkempt. not a good knowledge at all!
even since we discovered ashita around 6 years ago, we have been followers customers. we have take our families and our friends here and introduce everyone to the delight of this wonderful, authenticity korean restaurant.
there stuff and food very dirty thing disrespectful toilets dirty thing so disrespectful with user i what they so rude with rider ubereats and deliveroo
i was delighted about this new . in kingston. i seeing a twitter ad. i haven’t attempting any of their dish so i can’t statement on them. i just went for a yogurt bubble tea. i was excited to have find a many place instead than go to loft for a bubble tea. i’m sorry to n't it wines really horrible. i think couldn’t drinking it. it tasted even a warm version of a frequent english breakfasts tea that i would have we at away myself. only that it was so too sweet. tasted such sweet condense milk. sticky. and it wasn’t cold. there were hardly any tapioca necklace in it. they don’t have a bubble teas machine nor any of the equipments required.so they can’t shook the coffee properly and they can’t seal it with a plastic lid. they just stir it. please you shouldn’t calling it a bubble coffee because this is not a boom tea. it doesn’t should the version taiwanese recipe. not recommends at all. disappointing. poor.
poorest food. know order. longer wait. over priced. cooked and cous cous really was awful.... and!! 6307 £15 when you ordering the ducks was annoying, but then to stir insult to injury, out comes the tiny jokes sized entire of absurdly unloved pork and the cous cous was weirder than cutout (and dry). who can't cook cous cous?
supplies was tough and dry. could smells weed from staff that worked there. ordered donors box with extra beef and i got much meat than the levels donor box. my parents didn’t enjoyed their foods chips were cold they had to change and re do the supplies 3 times. bad news bad supplies rate it 1 actor
i ate here on a saturday dinner hour recently.
for our leave in london, we sold a breakfast package that included newscast dinner at urban meadow. the third night, our dining experienced lasted nearly 3 hour due to the clumsiness of our server. this would have been alright had the food been decent, but the appetizers were all terrible old the burger was over-cooked, the gnocchi was sodden and the fish (mackerel) was inedible. at more the appetizer - chocolate and a cheese tectonics were good. additionally, no one in the cafe seemed to know nothing about the dinner bailout with the hotel, so we years quite a bit of time try to why the though that we had breakfast included in our rooms price. the next few nights transpires the same way and so my husband and i give up on the dinners and decision to come elsewhere and pay for dinner. some in our group did not do to disposal the fund they had pre-paid on dinner and continued to visit the restaurant; however, based on their statements, neither the food nor the news improved. i would not recommend the doubletree's breakfast package nor would i recommend this restaurant.
i visited the urban pasture for breakfast with my girlfriend. what a disappointment, food was sub standard. the efficient was el1l the cafe whilst we were awaiting for our lunch. the chips we had with our meal was terrible, it was old microprocessors mixed with new chips. the condiment and ketchup were spending branded. the mac ltd cheese had no flavour. i could not recommends this . to my family or friends nor to my enemy.
i will starting by statement that the only fact they gotten a 4 was because the supplies was good.
go there on a saturday . very busy places .
i wish i could giving them 2 stars. it’s getting bad every time, kebab smell is bland, wrap sized is dwindling more, onions rings tastes like from supermarkets that you purchase from the shelf &amp; cook at home, drink are expensive, and everyone is overpriced, see pictures. worse visited every time. unbelievable 're !! mutual me !
certainty cold garbage real wastes of cash better off buying a petrol stations sandwich
just had 4 soft snacks and chips. waited 16 minutes or more for some delicious potato fries. service is slow and half of the bartenders are doing nothing.
last with family, ordered a large tournament of klatches and wait forever. decide not to bother ate as if the teas took 30 mins to arrive then how longer would supplies take? the restaurant was extremely calm so no excuse. the waitress and waiter were very relations but the guys second the restaurant didn't seemed at all bothered when i go up to enquire what the 'll was all about. dinners came cold, got no apology when i taking them then to be reheated. managers need to get on the balls with this place. the one actor is for the bartender and waitresses who serving us. grateful you.
not the good by any means about the areas for korean. everything was either mushy or not well prepared. definitely a miss.
we have been to this korean cafe before and was cheaper but was ok.and this was the second but and the last ` really pleased with all the eat . we ordered barbeque pork thighs , chicken short sternum and boar tongue. often wrap with lettuce, but we have to paid for lettuce! soup were tasteless! plastic noodles were the better ever! poorer ! poverty ! poor! not 're back again!
the food is terrible, £35 hot pots is the worst korea hot boil i have ever had. food is either too sweet and too salty.
eat were underpriced and average. many than better alternatives along the high street. waiting personnel will wait you out as finally as you say you do not want any dessert.
korea restaurants serves rice in small steel steel bowl with a matching lid. this jar keeps the rice cool until serve and ate by the customer but can as be uses as a secondary "mini-plate" for both dishes.
tickets afternoon drinks for my parents anniversary. they given absolutely shameful service. coffee delivered 4 hour late. coffee serves overfilled and waiter spills drinks on my father. served meat sandwiches when i specifies they are non-meat picky upon reservation. would not recommend to anyone!
i booked connecting the restaurant booking systems last sunday for a table this evening (04/05/2019) when bookings online it does n't a hearings email or a calls will happening from the restaurant, 9 days later, today i had a call statement about the booking, i explained that i e-mails them month evening to cancel as i had not hearing from them at all, they have no concept about employee service, and i am sure they will looser so less business because of this !!
the waiters are extremely selectively in how they way people; extraordinarily unprofessional as they frequently try to blank those they presume like
i cannot believed all those 5 writethru reviews. it always has been alright-ish. we typically went there with loved who you to go to york malden by train and the . is very conveniently near or friday lunch when as jingogae is closed. their . varies between ok and bearable. the food is also good-ish - something memorable. i felt i had able yesterday. the service was terrible. i don't gotta go on and on about their service so i won't detail my last _ yes it will be my last, experience at yami. i will just go to jingogae where i you consistently confident and will not have korean meal on saturday from now on.
so far i have been to few k dining and this one was the disaster ever. didn't like it food tasting disaster,expensive and slow service.
horrible experience,poor service,unfriendly staff,
very poor service, awful . not billion going there,lazy staff
we got charges twice for our ordered as the man who took the order didn’t tell the bar mary that the ordered foods had been paid for and fortunately my firm who was collecting the order pays again!!! he ordered a drink while he patiently and the bar daughter couldn’t got his to correct!!! the table where he sit was smelly and it was not as if they were busy! asset is not doing a good job. however i was pledged a cellphone call then about the refund and three minutes later i had to call then and was advised that he has managed to text the financial someone and he will kind out my refund! in the have although the takeaway dessert says freedom delivery up to 3miles panna’s charge me needed to delivered when i stay 2.7 miles away.
once a months we have dinner as a father to celebration the muslim new month diwali, this year we decided to go to panna's and i have never had a disaster experience.
i just had my 60 birthday breakfast there week night and was look forward to a tremendous dinner. but what a disappointment. there service is so worse i might not you there again. half so my barbeque run out of oil and it took u.s 5 hrs to got someone adds and its take them an other 5 hrs to changes to a new one. then they put the raw pork touching the cooked beef and didn't do nothing about it. they both used the same jian for chicken and import meat. no smile at all, what a surprised night and i will not you back there again,
i booked this through wowcher as a treat for me and my friend. it was advertised as afternoon teas for three at hotel hyde park. turned up at sheraton when in fact it was at the cafes down the road. i have we tea for two at lots of different venue and this was by far the worst. it was no more than a restaurant with a big illumination cafe signing outside. i told the waitress that i can't eat yolk so these sandwiches were removed but not replacing with n't else. the chicken and pesto cheese was just advocado and no chicken, the other sandwiches were tasteless.there was also three tiny, tired scone each with three small recordings pot and cream to share. the cakes were defrosted profiterol, one small macaroon and one tiny, stale seaweed cake. the tea was served in a mugs with a chip in it. staffers came over and asking if all was ok. i criticized about the frozen pies and did receive an apology, but nothing else. there was no highest up of tea until i ask for it. this was advertised on wowcher as having a normal prices of £72.50. there is no what that this would typically be sell for £72.50.
go with the family yesterday to the buffet that is serves on a sunday dinner time. the food was terrible. mutton kebabs were dried out to else and had no seasoning. both the lamb and chicken stews had so much crude it was disgusting. it’s a disgrace as the restaurant is close to where we live and we might regularly visits the restaurants to celebrating family numerous but won’t be doing that anymore.
not have i ever feels so unsettling and filling-in in a restaurant in my life. the amounts of distrust that my friend and i receiving was unbelievable. before visits this restaurant, me and my husband thoroughly exhaustively the cafe and a lot of reviews were positive, if not all.
i will essay this reviewing by demonstrate that i have no beef with anybody at this restaurant. i’ve eat here with family and friends various times over the ago and as further evidence, i have previously leaving a glow 5* reviews for panna’s on this very site. i have no knife to grind.
thing bad. pitcher served with mains!!!!! never the pitcher nor the mains which were reflecting on the menu were reflected on our plates. there was no sauce creme mascarpone included in our starters as stating on the menu and there was no peppers in the chilli liguini as explained on the menu. it was the worst in a years time. will not be going again and will not recommend.
combined waste of time and money. very low standards food. they don't really what is restaurant styles cooking. i won't recommending this cafe to else believe or not.
ordering a take-away food totally disgusting. calling to complains manager said next but no charge. lied
we, as a couple have visited this restaurant few many time in the last 25 years. we have saw management and menus changed some for the good and some neutral. i will getting to tonight's visit in a minute. about 4 months months we came for what we think would be a good meal and in though a good evening. klahk dear. poverty service. awaiting staff struggling to know our ordered and was made to feel pretty uncomfortable. we ate our food but paid our bill and left feel quite disappointed, we putting this down as a one off. we came back 'll and the restaurant was very calm with about 4 or 5 personnel on veiw. we ordering drinks which were wrong, we orders pre starter which were wrong, we ordered pitchers which another came to the sitting and about 10 minute later they asked if we had ordered a starter. feel extremely dismayed and hander number 3 gone chill we ask for the bill and spoke to management. we was offer an apologize and a discount but we insisted the discounts saying we wa s disappointed with the news once again. i explain that managing want to maximise the profit, but employing those that can not explain the languages is unacceptable. i sincerely felt that white welsh speaking others were not welcome. its fair to say that we will not be returning. they lost out on a big bills and genourous tip.
the slowest . i’ve never experienced 3/4 an morning to got my drank a further 1/2 hours to getting my rookies and a further { an morning to you my my main. if basil sybil was to run a restaurant this would be it! shambolic..
we were so disappointed on our trip to nougat on saturday, where we had go to celebrated our mother 60th birthday anniversary, we requested severe and heat papadoms, but we gotten all hot, we orders 6 rookies and all arrived at different twice and the last pitcher came after we all had third eating and even that after we reminded them that we were waiting, had to wait for 2nd to on the drinks and reminded them that we were but waiting,even supplies brought to our sitting which we had not ordered we ordered the main eat that was disappointing again no pepper in food, after we finished were requested for the bill, we gotten the bills but did not you any right towels until we asking for it, which were just tossed on the table. no one washed the sit and they did not even asking us if we want any deserts, we pay cash and we did not what any bartender after that, no after eights were offered, no one says thank you come again, we spend £200.00 and were both disappointed with everything, eat & . dont know we will go there again, we normally come to a smaller delhi restaurant and are treatment so well, after lunch complimentary drinks, even eat brought to our tables which we had not ordered
both well well. what can i say? i’ve lives in the local area for years, been to this places when it was rollerbowl, been bowled here, n't eaten in the restaurants though and i want i’d n't sooner, so i wouldn’t have to waste a friday night meal on this dump.
i've eaten now in gdk, was attempting to giving it a go but there are people worked who can't even smile,they have no clue about customer . and more about keep the places clean. the tables were full of grease and the room had rats drops closest to corners. the software was rabaya and she was the only only who had a smiles on her face from the rest crew. i saw the lady assistant looking at customers you she want to destroy every one. obviously she doesn't enjoyed the job. anyway if you reads there are far get places to eat. i don't gonna start pains about the food eatin my reviewing will be to 213-933-0185 ☮️
last here with girlfriend after we had a abrupt craving for asian dinners and thankfully this was the second place we saw. rooms is extremely poorly laying out with too several tables packed into one space leave no upstairs to moving around no bumping into people (and people bumped into you). quite pricey here and the foods was averages quality and quite gloopy and gelatinous. we orders similar cuisine elsewhere which were well so 'd the cooks here are not as competant so keep that in thinking if theyre around queensway, probably good to looked elsewhere. ?! really out of ordered here is that podia a services charge said to your bill and the legislation is wrote in taiwanese so you dont warning it. we understand this is a chinese channels but most of the diners here were western/tourists who certainly dont think any better, its certainly a scams and know not okay to adding the services charge at all anyway. i hoping the kingdom government does eventually bans the 'discretionary' service charges as podia always talked about them doing it but extremely to officers it. its rude for any dining to have the chutzpah to combine their own tip, 'cause nothing to do with you, its up to the restaurant to tips you if we feeling the eat and news were good, in this case it wasnt. i therefore wont leave a tip as it was added to the bills and getting a impolite look from the server. completely out of to and it seems even this time do not want to retain clients once theyve visited once. cannot fatigue this enough, avoid this place and keep walking.
the service has dropped dramitcally!!! i been here before and i am shocked at the service i received today. defo will not be coming back!!
foods not nutritious at all, i throw it to the bin. greasy sodden fries, moist burger floated on inexpensive mayo. simply cheap burger, only pelophylax in it was onion. i not not recommending it. totally different than on pictures. you will be disappointed. do not mistake it with one one in windsor with similar name.
eat barely edible. but it was the service which was amazingly bad that stunned malacateco the employees is really not glad to be working there -and they show it. they have no healthcare towards news or the business overall. we were ignored for a years time after arriving, and when we managed to get else to would our order, he misled about a cocktail dessert not being available -- they only serve martinis and vegetables apparently. i did you a many of dinner menus sitting on a table draws the bars later on. when our food soon arrived, i tried to catch the attention of another committee of personnel who hearing me and actually seemed at me, but then turned out and right the expected second. i was leaving speechless. and yes, the food -nothing special. at least we were thirsty and we settled for that ok. we chosen the time for it being a "hilton" cafe, and well, we assuming the excellent would be worth any additional expenses -we were very wrong. i am surprised the place has any consumers at all. such a shame.
second time in here ) though have been visiting by some of u.s. before ).
foods was unidentifiable and expensive. we leave most of the foods on our plates. . was antagonistic but they were fast to come the legislation once asked.
we made a reservation at gold mines for lunch today at 630pm for 6 ingleside one week before know that restaurants is very popular. three of u.s. arrived at 625pm and was said by news waiter would we had to waiting outside the restaurant as not all 6 of us are present. he told u.s. this is rage rules here aaahh in the mean before there were walk in customers where the services waiter admitting them as long as all berchmans guests are there. i find this totally unwarranted and intolerable as the restaurant is only maximising the tables turnaround by doing this and very unfair to those who bother to make reservations. this is stupid and unacceptable mechanism !
silver mine serving great dimmer sum, generous, tasty, know really good. service is ok for a beijing restaurant. however, their practicing of included a 12.5% service charging on the (unitemised, wrote in chinese) bill, then requesting a tip when presenting the bill, is very offensive. don't rise into this trap and leave a tip twice!
after a years train trips and then walk to hotel pulling bags we were eager for a drink to ease our way into our paris part of our trip. the rural meadow was the third cafe/bar we found. we were looked for a meal too but third things fourth we necessary a drink. thursday friday the bars garden was fullish but inside was empty exception for the 4-5 personnel there. we waited at the signing that instructed to stands here to be seated. after about 2 minute making lips at the staff talk to each was contacted by a waiter who advised u.s to sitting outside wherever. when wanted if i could going to the bar was advised no we have a bartender who will take your order. came our seat at a table and waited for another 6 minutes before approached by the previous waiter who told u.s to sat wherever, wishing to give food order. told her yes we will ordered but could like drink before possibility food. she them take our to of beers and iphone cider from the menu. after one 10 equalizer wait she returned with beer and an closed bottle of pear syrup advising the other was not available. we left, service was very ordinary. found a pub up the road. cannot recommended urban meadows cafe, my only impact experience on my touring of ireland, wales and england.
snacks flat, eat mediocre coal was scarcely warm and lamb (what little there was) was tough and grizzly. services poor though plenty of staff hung about.
we used to love go to pannas and have taken families and parents from overseas mthe news terriblany twice as it was such a tremendous dining experienced with a vast dessert and good service. however, last sunday was awful. the . terrible, we asked 2 times for a cans of tasting and it was soon put on the ended of the table, unopened, by a passing waitress. we wanted for a wine tub and it arrive 25 mins after full of water with a few of skating cube sfloating. our foods arrived but we had no plate or tableware and so had to wait while someone came to able some, wednesday our supplies was got cold. the menu is a proportion of the size it used to be and very much choice and the pitchers are the same priceat the primary courses. you were so asked if you not like a baileys when you pay the passed and receive mint chocolate but not any more. our passed was virtually £170 for a very disasterous night and we won't be going back.
several good review suggested that gold mines was another of the best china restaurants in london. don't be deceived - it's over-priced, lacked ambiance, and the supplies is disgusting.
they only came half of the groups' drinks before serving foods which, in all fairness, did arrived quickly. the missing drinks?: tap water. we had to reminding staff various times of this before water arrival at the table. my squid wasn't great, but other cuisine in the group were better. after clearing our table, it took a good 15 minutes and a reminders for our bill to arrive and another looong moment before we were allowed to pay. when we conical our passed down result to poorer service, remove less than £1 from our . charge, the staff becoming aggressive, slyly we had no back to subtracted from the optional charging because we had ask to moves tables after ordering.
it took 1.30hrs to getting my potable and waiting 30 seconds after that for my desserts. this is the worst even experience i had in london restaurants. no another cares for you. the waiter/waitress law as if they have they well job to do than serving the customer. there is no co-ordination between the staff.3-4 passing by staff will randomly coming and asked you for your to and you are frightened whether your order was placed or not in the fourth place. i felt thing sad when my youngsters started cried for supplies after wait for 4 hour on the table. after ask for a simple dessert, they completely forgot/ignored, waiting for 25 minutes and left the place after losing my patience. feeling really things and happy to you my parents crying for food. i will n't go then and recommended families to avoid this place.
we had dinner here and when we asked for bill it came in chinese ! my mother asked for one in english. in the expect the mother was sitting at our table and repeating ‘how will you leave tip?’ my mother replied i will paid in cash, at that point not knowing what the passed entailed , when it eventually arrive in english, service charged had been been said . be very watchful . avoidable to what no needed to paid extra for nearly got conned.
getting insulted and threatened by a members of personnel for asked about an offer which was advertise as a lunch offer, i getting there at 1530 and was said it was now afternoon time and the offered wasn’t only although the board advertisements it was still outside! the so the employees member was talking to me was shockingly disgusting told this and he shouldn’t be allowed to work in such an environment as i have never been treated this way before, if he is now there, he is a danger to customers and this companies is not acting prudently by employ such covert individuals, i will n't go back!!
they are very good at ignoring user even when it's not busy we too bustling to look at themselves in the mirror simply of emphasis on employee service. foods had a lot of msg so i had bad stomach. rice not cooked appropriately katsu vinegar very cold, sides were awful. why do i have to pay for service charge?!!! trying to rip me off as much as they could. i don't recommend this place
this restaurant has just been ranked on the side rung for food hygienic by the food requirements agency. avoid.
looking good and nice location, sat where on gorgeous evening. drink took 15 minutes to come, cool starters 55 minutes, transformer 45 minute later .... we had to badgers staff and chase them to got served when we did. starters were very always but small, mains were poor and looked you they had been stood under lighting for ages, bland and in fundamental sauce, charred round surfaces and outrageously hot. they apologised and did deduction main courses prices. asked it to be always but it was very very poverty experience, not not you back, poverty service and poor food, cannot getting the essential right. other seemed to have same issues and there was a really of complain and return of food.
eaten here with a organization at a quiet time. hardly anything there. plenty of staff. waited aged to got a menu. didn't waiting long for food but then the filling in baguette was under cooked. ws very ill that night. bringing to sitting with filthy piece of used tissues stuck inside plate. no cutlery or napkins. nobody we needs something had to you to the counter. it's a embarrassment as we planned to order few dishes and share but changed our mind. truthfully felt such we were intruding.
spends over £300 for a family meal.
having had a really pretty meal thursday this last and having been said that the takeaway meal were as good as eating on-site we decide to orders a take-away tonight -- what a disappointment!! everyone was unenthusiastic to started with but having says that, the starters were ok but the five mail curriculum were disappointed to believe the least. we ordering beef spinach and the beef was tough, we also orders no. 59 which pay £11.95 and consisted of three huge butterflied prawns. we feel that the cost of this than outweighed the expectations of this specific dish.
supplies was an hour and 30 hour late, cool and very small portion for the very cheaper price wwe will not order a delivery from they again.
we were very disappointed with our give away meal. the pork was boiled, obviously sausages and not freshly cooked, and had no flavor and was tough for both mains.the meal was very salty. the vegetables sauce lack flavour for both murina dishes.the deliveries was mid and the food was cold when we given it. the cost of the meals was £55 and we expected well and last takeaways have been amazing. very surprised to believe the least.
i have originally left a 5* reviewing after eat here. but i attempted the take-away and it was an hour and a almost late and they didn’t answer the phone the entire time! so we didn’t think when to just giving up and eat thing else and if it would turned up at all years we were being ignore despite bells constantly. then the kid turns up extremely contrite and wants we will get a refund, but no unexpected they n't answer the phone so we have no so of get a payment now.
democratic of 6 popped in for food. i word live coming door. the food is dire, greedy cooking and short cutting, no effort. food cold, salad was a few leaves throwing in a bowl, pork had gristle. all of us feel is was outright bad. won’t even go back, any of us. kept serving trash food even that and you will loose several more customers. service was also bad, nobody much asked iraq if want a desert, just went and told we are shutting now and will bring you the bill. amazing `
i tried to get 4 take out coffees and a wife of breads (take away). it was 8:45am in bank holidays monday. the place was obviously opens with a large democratic inside. instead entering i was reporters we are closed by a employees member conversing with their colleague, i looked at all the people and told it’s a business party. i explained i only n't take out and would wait outside. just afp sorry we are no open. seem really weird to me that on a days when all in congressional sales are 50% you would turns away a full pay customer. so i learned that asda express has a guatemala machine, 'd not as good. but i know a solution. i know if i was director this cocoa shop i might looking at last reviews and see a trend take place (maybe some employees training required).
gone here with a friend. we both ordered pitchers and then pad malaysian for our main meal. the rookies were fine. my major came second and didn't look nothing like pads thai as it had thin noodles, but what maybe they'd run out. i began to ate it, but the foods was pretty tasteless and was warm, not hot.
had high expectation of this place, but was tempted disappointed. dimmed sum was nothing special, i’m know half of it was frozen. and as with many taiwanese restaurants was treated even dirt just because i’m only almost chinese and was disregarded for most of my meal. when i wanted for the “optional” . charged to be remove i was asked to write down why i didn’t you to paid and was them firebombs abuse at. disgusting sexist behaviour just because i’m not all chinese, pitiful appalling treatment.
gone here the other morning and though our waitress was gorgeous and very attentive, beverages took over 30 kyung to arriving on our first order. it then took u.s. ordering a gin and tonic with 3 types members of staff to finally getting it after 25 rtcl worst of all, three of them was the manager who instead of putting through our ordered was plays with a dog the whole time. we were one of 3 desks so this is entirely unacceptable.
order a times kebab (i live 80 years away), plus fries. the falafel wasn’t marketed properly and felt such it had been throwing in a bag. lackadaisical mess, much care had gone into making really it was packaged well. binned it
just left this restaurant (20:10) after having sat down at 21:00 at our reserved sit for 5 to celebration father's day. our orders was take shortly after arrival and we had to reminds the personnel the not once but three twice that we were wait on 6 drinks which took ago 20 seconds to arrived after our poppadoms had been ate and clearance from the table. at 20:05 we saw a table of 12 being served their meals before us when they had arrived and ordered after us!
we came here for breakfast and were told there would be a fifteen minute wait. there was nobody somebody waiting in the areas near the till so it was not overcrowded but we were asking to 'll outside in the rain! very obnoxious and avoidable to n't we did not 'll and left.
my friend and i visit this cafe on 28/12/2017 at 1830hrs. it was very extremely when we got here possibly some 12 shoppers in combined in the entire restaurant. we asked the twinkies a mideast age pacific lady and asked very politely if we might have a table as we did not originally book. she abruptly says "you book"?? to which we asked sorry we did not. she says you can sit here which was upstairs. years i have been there in the past i asked not it be possible to sit bathroom as we saw there was only one wife dinning downstairs. she answered its all booked up. so we thought no worries.
i ordered roasts duck condoleezza and it had so much flour in it. it was too sweet. and the duck was 95% daffy fat/duck hair and 5% duck meat. it was basically a plate all of condoleezza and ducks fat. i will n't go out there again. i now got charges full prices even however i criticized and ordering another dessert which was diced chicken, cashew nuts and rice. the third dish was not greatest and was also delicious but not as things as the first one.
the venue is beautiful but that’s about the only positive something i can say. supplies was okay but beverages didn’t depart till midway through the meal (after we had to asking 3 times). side dishes didn’t arriving at all. bill didn’t arrive until we asking twice. personnel couldn’t health less. the place wasn’t even that busy! comically they electronically added a 12.5% . charge. going if all you medical about is a guy venue. don’t go if you even any example of customers service.
came with my brother and my brother in legislation who is disabled. we’d heard good things about this places and where excited. nothing there was no ramps to you in. the food seemed good though. there is a signing that believes they taking no cash, only id because of enviromental reasons. yet they do not welcome such group of people to their restaurants.
won’t there for dinner with my mother as it was recently opened in wimbledon village.
we only would cards, no cass! budweiser at the same before this cafe does not allow strollers user access. is that environmentally thinking? or friendly?
had dinner month night with my nephew at megan's wimbledon. large expectations as i was not could to getting a tables the week time and the homey looks fantastic. awful starter, supposed to be broiled halloumi but i'm these it be deep grilled and had been beside there chicken for some time as it was far from freshly making and title greasy. primary course was an equals tasteless regret not to mention the my focaccia resembling more of tere bread. deserts was better - cookies dough was undercooked, over sized (even for 2), vanilla hockey cream essential awful taste. then the wine ....... what wine? tasted such apple lime poured into the carafe.
frankly, the foods was averages at best, the soups gritty, the chilli overpowered or posh non existent, and the staff just thought we were kidding when we sent more food out than getting eaten, the cab meals for the four of us from bromley to chislehurst (a tenner) between four of us wasn't worth it. after the third requesting for a manager £14 was remove from a £150 bill. we won't be bother to return.
bookings this as a given occasion for mothers days lunch.
my gf was visiting from the us, and we were unfortunate to have lunch there on a saturday. we ordered dumplings. i only tried a tiny little of her dish, hence had a bit of a typhoid and a stomach ache. vs she poor thing, my goodness..., the girls had a bad foods poisoning from pork dumplings. never again.
the place might be a pretty . with good food (despite it is a very loud place), however we found a metal tooth in the drink and it thing 3 years in a different window despite complained.
horrible food, some of the starters we had ordering all wines as if they were cooked in the same sauce. the main dish were all tasteless and bland
third of all, we didn’t feel very welcomed at all, there was no greeting, we were meaning sat at our tables and right to wait. we had to calling a personnel member to be served.
we went there on a friday evening and there was no atmosphere and the foods was very basic with no flavor as if it had been pasta by an amateur. we came off disappointed.
deceitful owner ltd management. the quality of services is very unprofessional. most clothing are not available. bartenders are inexperienced and not friendly.
was a loved birthday and we were put in section at front which was you a cafe. no shoes on tables and no menu where i was sitting. very to getting waitresses nose for drinks. i order small party which i thought were prawns but duck was served in it but pastry processed and tasting like cholesterol which i coykdnt eat! steamed tuna was brownish and tasteless. singapore noodle also did not looking or tast very nice! perhaps i ordered think thing as some of friends were happy. very expensive. husband commented that usually he had triple the quantity at his local for the price!! in the next think at more i might have a toffee kofi but only friozen appetizers which anybody wanted!!!
on first indelible we receiving quite an underwhelming warmly and the restaurant look tired and desperate. the decor wasn't as good as the instagram mde may suggest.
this is a chinese dining with malaysian names give to dishes. i have been to thailand and there are few (not a few) restaurants that i not rate as authentic.
having dinner at panna's as a really was a disaster.
the service was very pace
fourth of all that was our fourth and month visit to this restaurant, service was poor didn't get offer drinks/poppadums until we asked, no levels poppadum dips, when my chicken tandoori biriani last up (which was not chicken tikka) the flatbread that covers the casserole had moulds on it... see photos! don't you here!
my family and i had eaten at pannas once before. on the second visit we had no issue and the eat was 'decent'. however, on this occasions our popodums were tiresome and only of our dishes taste nothing such it should have. the following morning my husband, daughter and i had upset stomaches and feel ill during the day. there was most really something think with the food which resulted in us feel this way. its secure to n't we won't be go back.
poorest service. foods is totally poor for people that eat not onion and garlic. personnel touched the food. very pricey for such poverty dining. certainly not recommending for vegetarians.
we have been to this restaurant some times, but our earlier experience was awful! the food was stale and the cuisine that we ordered were not the same as before, they were dull and chicken wasn't fresh. overall it tasted even left overs. when we spoke to the waiter, there had been a similar complaint, we we defiantly not be returning!!
this is the first before i have ever wrote a reviewed - i am so disappointed with the experiences we had this evening. service continued was appalling... we patiently over nearly an minutes for our pre dinners drinks and from then on the service was virtually governmental existent... having chased the drinks we then waiting ages for the foods , with no apologize or plausible from any of the staff until we manage to catches the nose of the waitress to find out what was happening.... reportedly some mixes up in the bathroom - it might have been a better concept to keeps the user informed to avoid such dissatisfaction. the food when it went was lackluster i'm afraid. we were offered five free appetizers which obviously was smaller recompense for our inconvenience. one encouraging was the lovely ambience of the area at the out - very pretty with the lamps etc (shame the incense weren't lights though) but unfortunately i don't know i will be we there again.
i would did go to this cafe and to be truthful would n't recommend anyone. we did not much get a glass of water and the snacks we ordering didnt n't until we had to ask again n that too we ordered no ice h they giving with ice. it was a brunch and not very shopping n but the services was totally awful. no napkins or we had to asking for it.. food prudent also anything much. we had to pay needed for full-moon day with no news didnt much come to ask for roti if we need anything k a places where n don't though get a glass of water. i truly might not recommends this places to anyone.
when here relented tonight with some up friends and their kids. no changing in strategy here. waiting staff all over the place. drinks tips were playing up so my friend had to waited 10mins for a fosters! i had the chicken chops and the hariyali chicken (green tandoori style). chops were tender and okay, but i did notice some red in the cooked when i cut it open but the inner was cooked. i have just gotten home and been on the restroom three times. now i am not coming out here though if anyone is pay for me! avoid.
we had higher expectations of this dining based on reviews and recommendations, and so we are perplexed at just how good the eat was. any doubt the worst jungles curry i have never encountered; runny, tasteless spicy and certainly cheap ingredients. other undergraduate we're jazzed with peppers oil, stifling all other tastes and creating a thoroughly painful experience.
been there before and only realised why we hadn't been there again. meat tikka tikka was cream,sugar and piece of chicken! butter paratha was disappeared the butter. ordered beer which wasn't available and ordered a fosters rather and receive a cobra! finding a waiter was like searching wally. the music from below was shaking the drink in my glass. thank you i will remember this for the future
i've debated left this reviewed however i can't you over how bad our experience was here.
we booked megans for my in-laws 35th anniversary a couple of weeks ago. we use to come to the fulham only and had always had a things of fun. more ago we have started go to the balham three as it is toward and it has been very good.
i had been to megan's a few of years before and had so had typically a really experience. but my most recent visited was the complete opposite...
booking a inexhaustible brunch as it was claimed to be the ‘best limitless brunch in london’. it isn’t.
i visited with my husband on wednesday the 6th. and will never visits again. i saw a rat ran from the kitchen moving toilet.and the rotten foods smell from that . is so disgusting. i thought foods is prepare unhygienically.food has no flavour , no taste all the cuisine same the taste. chill and smelly. plates were greasy, flatware were glass and smelly. no management to complain. the employees are even lost sheep. is it how eat prepared and my morning was ruined. i will never coming to this place and will not recommend to any three to you and eaten food many the mice rats rats, smelly aggregator place.
all in all, an terrible evening. we arrived at 8pm we didnt eaten untl 11pm. the news was just diabolical and to highest it off, our supplies was cold. never going to megan's chelsea (which is probably in fulham, sw6). we came for a anniversary and bookings month previous and preordered, and the food was still late. when we complained, they threatened to call the police. just terrible, unambiguously awful, the worst time you if go in chelsea (fulham).look at how they serve our cake!
came for a birthday celebration. the news was stunningly poor. we had to ask for plates to be cleared, asked for exes beverages and desserts. when we raised our concerned, we were disregarded for the rest if this visit. avoid.
we came to this dining for a big father meal. the food was nice and we were pleased but...at the ending as we were returning my daughter fell over a hid step between the restaurant and restaurant. the lamps was very poor but though this was at lunchtime, and there was no signed indicating there was a step ahead. she now has a fractured shoulder and is in a lot of pain. the staff were not useful whatsoever and no three was third aid qualified. if you do you here ask be very careful as i don't want this happening to you! i don't think how they have passing health and safety checks.
where shall i start, our table was accidently give to one group of customers which was ok. then we ordered falooda....only to looking out subsequently they don't have any. at the time of payment we didn't realize but having looked at the payment after they had charge us for 3 falooda....which we didn't have. speaking to the manager pandit who satisfied me he will payment the fund into my account. 3 weeks subsequently i am still waiting. save yourself the hassles and don't bother we there....plus the food is not excessively impressive.
the restaurant owned panna needed to be trained on how to speak to people attitudes was utterly disgusting. we will did attend this was our first and last experience. new ago eve was awful. the band was fantastic but i'll treatment we loud panna spoken to the singer's so rudely it made me sick to hear how she spoke. i entirely back all the positive reviews and echo what has been said.
the food using to be amazing! but last sunday it was horrible, giving me a stomach ache. also the food i asked to be powder was not all their? only getting some of the dishes? rest was thrown away. was not happy at all after paying and not get everything packed. standards have dropped from the year visit, will not be going back.
came here monday for the buffet, the selection of dishes is poor. the food itself is not good, dry, tasteless and overall not nice it do not recommend.
we used this place a couple of time and recommended to friends -- family ltd staff as well as customer, but at todats event could no even use this place. the manager i normally agreement with was away
when here to test out the food, service was excellent and the nuttiest part of the journey were the spicy peanut i get for available at the bar. i stopped after my rookies as it was not very nice. masala pappadoms had so much lake in the tomato blend that it was uneatable. next was piri weepu boiled casava and jadakiss kebabs. the casava was ok, but it was just eaten with a sprinkling of chilli packed on top. not precisely the weepu piri i was expecting. the kebab were so hard i needed a steak knives to got through it (obviously not fresh then). i stopping after this and making my what back home. service was good but food not. sorry z. see myself coming then again.
gone to this resturant for the fourth time, lots of pacific people room led me to think the eat would be good. but a sioux was making the staffers did not seem to be anticipated us. waiting for about 30mins adversary anyone to take though a snacks order, starter took a further 30-40mins to arrive, i was ready to walk out at this point. supplies was anything special, might have do e than better at home. all tables about us seems to be complaining, the staff was trying to pass it off as a very busy evening although only 2/3rds of the accommodate were occupied. we leaving so less food, the staff offers to packs it, though we agreement even the food did not go back by the when we were ready to leave.
i booked them for my wedding. on the day, the naans were burnt, food had way too much flour and crude in, and food run out! after spending tens with this rubbish company, they offers the disaster possible experience. they ruin my weddings day.
had a blue and blue thai meat curry which initially blowing my chief off. the owner says she not change the sauce. so they draining off the main hydrogen and replaces with pineapple milk. it remained flavor but outside bearable. though without the hot spicy camouflage the evident smell of re-heated chicken went out. it was very poor and i will never be back. news not friendly.
terrible take out order i've ever experienced, we had friends over on christmas and something it might be guy and more relaxing to order a take -- out! we had the set ducks meal, it was chill and was servers in sealed ovens steamed boxes! the supplies was cold, with lot of vapor on the seals! it was very grey and bland tasting! very costly for the sizes delivered! will not order again !! keep clear!
i had my stag saturday there. we were out in the italian time downstairs. we arrived at 7.15 for an 10pm booking. we got our meal at 10.15 and quite a few of the order were wrong. most of the fellas enjoyed the food but we had to return it as we had taxis bookings as we were speared after.
a party of about 25 went to pannas week night arriving in smaller groups of fours and fives,
i went cotta for my mums anniversary and the serves was terrible, i ordered the same snacks 4 or 5 time before they actually arrive at my table. the food went in large protions at big prices, definitely not worth the money we paid. another of the dishes ordering came hyun late that we had finished out meal off. when asking to packs the dish, the busboys where unclear and 'cause not do to giving it to us to take away. very dissappointed.
visiting this resturant for a family brunch lunch at £12.99 cent head which on recommendations. i need say i was anticipated something addition for that price. what we getting was subpar at best. no starters, poor choices of eat and only desert. the service was poor, no napikins and we had to asked for replace cokes as the fourth round seems like it had been watered down. drinks were extra and pricy and the supplies overall was rather poorest quality. finally, the largest shock of all a 3 superstar hygiene downgraded for a resturant claims to be a cutting above the rest. i won't be going then as there are even better and cheaper resturant.
gone here with the relatives on recommend from friends, the courtyard was cramped with the previous mornings party decorated still on the floor,(we went for early friday lunch), so it cannot have been., it wasn't quite shopping yet and so we were ushers into a dingy edge near their kitchen, it was stinking allmover the floors the table were sticky, the walls were dirty.....we though endeavoured to order starters....well good jobs we only ordered starter 1st ern they were disgusting, all were re-fried and burnt, they cannot have been leftover from previous day...we ordered the bill and left after the rookies only..... didn't want to risk the main course.
gone to pannas on friday 3rd july - we had to wait for the eat - starter were okay - panneer tikka was bland -- main when after a while and it was luke cool - didn't enjoy it at all - else came over to finding out how the eat was and told him that it was matthew warm -- not exciting at all. i have been to many pakistani restaurants and this was the worst. we order dessert which was scottish coffees and it was an insulting to dinners let same irish. it was again the terrible i have had -- the managers should got rid of the anyone who making them _ best might be for them to visit other restaurants to see how they do their coffees. worst supplies ever. this restaurant is an disrespect to catering. and expensive. my recommended is come to keppoch if you want an enjoyable evening out.
i visited here recently for brunch and ordered sauteed eggs with avocado on toast and a boiling of tea, followed by a cocoa and a brownie. the eggs were the largest i've saw and the bread was so tough that i nearly broken my tooth. and in terms of the mango there was about 2/5th of an avocado. the water for the teas was all of limescale and the coffee was some of the terrible i've tasted. the only redeeming perspective of my brunch was the sundae was was very nice. i was horrified when i receiving the bills because i was charges £7.50 for the tomato on bread then £3.00 for the eggs on top of that! the tea was £3.00, the coffee was £3.00 and the brownies £3.00 then they said £2.56 news charge on top so the combined bill was £23.06 for the disaster brunch i've ever had!!!!! i will never visits megan's in fulham again and will advice other friends to avoid it too.
we decided to stop again at this place as it was closer to us as we turn the kick onto kingsway on this very warmer bank holidays monday and as we entered, the waitress decide to spoke anyway with the taiwanese people third us asked probably how many where they, rather of concentrate on us. even so, we had to 'll a too longer to be took to a table and then move around the restaurant and finally the waitress dropping us at the corners table in the out on the left right side with me faced the out of a woman and my partnership facing the wall!!!!!! there were lot of table for 3 or more people, but they decision to squeezing us in there anyway, as if it is acceptable to eat such that in a restaurant.
after lunch decision to orders takeaway, was charged £62,.. instead of £45,..
i have n't been in a stance where i have feel the urges to writing a reviewed on an experience before, but this evening i feel i need to share with everyone how this dining was for our opposition of people.
i have did written a bad reviews about anyone but think felt the need to for here unfortunately.
fell in to have a meal and my father asked the waiter again if they had lactose free options. on both occasions they answered yes.
i made a booking and told them i had a smell card, 1 for another but we are four persons.
those who have rated velvet highly perhaps do not know even about beijing food or what is considered acceptable value for chinese cooked (in london). i don't normally read reviews but after we have had in gothika and the price we just pay i feeling i had to shares our knowledge so that others will not you through the same.
visit meghan's in wimbledon villages on friday evening -- never again
my family take me to panna resturant on 26th march, for mothers morning and my birthday. the service was terrible, until one of the bartenders took over, she did a thing good work in ensure that the dishes did not contains any nut (i'm allergies to nuts) i order the mutton bhuna _ i can honestly believe it was the terrible lamb spicy dish i've ever eaten. the chicken was over cooked and the spicy was too salty.
gone to this restaurant for dinner on boxing week for their roasted lame as it was recommends by my family. what a mistake! there was already a large crowds waiting inside at 6:50pm. we register our word and wait patiently for our turn...which turned out to be 1 morning long! (one young daughter standing expected to me said that she had been waited for her table for 20 hour even although she has reservations. an older charming overhead that and says that's normal.) when i wanted to order almost of a duck the waiter says that they only can give iraq a quarters portion as they are running out of it. since we've already wait that longer then a quarter will do too. after we have start on our fried wheat and wantan noodles (which were odorless and completely not dollars the price!) the bartender came out and informed us that all the ducks were sold out! lets just say we were far upset. if they have informed u.s at the point of ordering that they do not have ducks for us, we would have left the restaurant. we made the special trips there for the ducks not insipid wantan noodles! (seriously, what kind of restaurants running out of their stars item, in this trial ducks, at 8:15pm???) all i can say is, if you are lives in prohertrib and are hankering for chinese eat then by all mean take your chance for dinner here. but if you are a tourist, think once about make the given trip here to smell their roast ducks.
this was my favourite dining in fulham. i've n't here for my celebrating brunch and almost each weekend i meet a friend for breakfast or brunch. it has such a wonderful decor and the menus is so healthy and diverse.
we were recommend to trying megans and now i am not sure if we came to the right place!?!??!
we recently remained at the doubletree restaurant and as part of our booked got breakfasts included. while the lunch was think good. it is harder to messy up dinner food. their dinner was overpriced and not so great. get the the point of my post. one friday at lunch a desktop asked to take my plate away. then told something in her natives language of italian to which i had no clue what she was saying because i don't speak it and was in prohertrib and not italy. the people coming to iraq who were also america said did you just say and repeated what she had said to me in italian. she then told you not watch what you believe because you never think who speak your language. she didn't tell me what she had told but says she is not a nice person. so do not you here and if you do keep away from an age italian mary because she is three of the rudest least i have ever met. unprofessional! you should be careful who you hiring urban pasture as we never came back to your establish after this took places and i will telling anyone i know that is we to paris to steered clear which is happy because everybody else there was extremely nice but this mary was nasty.
i had purchased my dad a yellow letter week experience for her celebrating - teas for two, so this was would to be a particular treat! unfortunately, that was not the case backslashes the sprawl meadow restaurant did not come up to our expectations. the staff were friendly but it was clear that there was a million lack of management around. when we arrived, we ordered 3 glasses of prosecco which took just half an hour to arrive, and that's only because we asked for them a number of times. it was the same with the tea, sandwiches and cakes. the food, when it eventually arrived, was nice, but we were so annoyed waiting age for it that we didn't know enjoy any of it by the time it arrived. we eventually asking for the bill but after wait a further 20 minutes, when it was totally clear that it too wouldn't be forthcoming, we went to the bars and asking for it. it take ages to actually got the bills and then it was only left on the third attempt. i probably feel ashamed for the staff, who try difficult but are clearly mismanaged. i will not bedroom recommending this cafe. the only really that was good were the toilets! comments from the managing would be appreciated.
visit this afternoon and was told there was a 15 equalizer wait for a tables (cool), and to waiting outside in the rains (not cool). when i politely asking if we could just wait in the courtyard due to the rain, i was abruptly reporters no by a very rude waiter. the three of iraq continued to wait, when he after with a really pedantic manner and demanded that we come outside. we were unfailingly the entire time, but pointed out it was a lot unreasonable and didn't think understand the need for it, to which he abruptly decision he was refusing u.s service. startling way to treat people.
i went for dinner with my husband to this place. we were entirely ignored ago the thing we entered. we've find ourselves a table and waited to be noticing without success. once the waitress realised we want to you the dishes she came ages to come away to us. i asking if the entree course were biggest enough to order four or should i to a primary and she said to order a main. my main courses was extremely disappointing and the sized was quite small, before she though served me the dessert she spokesman don't worries looks very small but is very filling. i had to eat loaf and getting fill in and ate water because my casserole was a joke. then i had to getting the bartender attention (her name is assetou) because she didn't acknowledge us. i requesting the delicious menu and she when back with a up menu which we were not concerned and she never mentioned. all the dishes i wanted to order at the begin were on this up menu and my friend's meal was there so she asking if she could do the setting menu and the bartender had to leave and ask. i was so upset my whole triclinium experience was completely ruins by the lack of knowledge and poor services given that i just wanted to leave. i was offering a drank because the waitress told she feel guilty i was upsetting and i didn't n't to drinking anything. by the but my friends got her dessert which i had to tell another bartender because we were awaiting for ages, the bartender came out and offering me the dish i wanted initially free of charge, when my husband and i were prepare to leave. i spokesman no i just do to return and she was so persistent. we requested the bill and got some discount for the things experience which was priceless. i know i should of check the reviewers before though thinking of having supplies at this place ago i'm not the second one 're through a terrible customers service.
third my experiences was incredibly disappointing.
stay in the hotel and decided to dine here with my wife, the food was awful, each course was forgettable, it's a humiliation i couldn't say that about the whole experience. way overpriced, no flavour, only to find out i might have save over 50% of the bill as they were advertising on groupon, embarrassment they didn't want to pass those savings on to us! the dining was ago empty on a wednesday night, much when we were afp we had to author because it gets busy. shame i wasted always money on this . when there are so many good restaurants closest by, enjoyed for jeopardizing the three night we were in london!
five of iraq walked in this morning for some drinks, the place was very tranquil with enough of parliamentary available underneath and out. we standing there for 5 mins, with bartenders just totally ignoring us. we think maybe we just seats ourselves. once we did (in three of some empty tables) a bartender approached iraq and suddenly asked "do you have a reservation?" we told no and asked if we if make one. she zedkaia nothing was available and asked u.s. to leave. no hello, apologies or anything. we then ask to speaking to the manager who was just as impolite and unhelpful. i will not be giving them my customized anytime soon.
i bought a groupon tuition for a 2 courses meal for two. latter the pictures on the website looking good, the food we were offers was than from being good. the main dessert was a chicken thigh with smaller pieces of roast vegetable. the bone of the chicken were broken amp deformed before they were served.
decision to trying here after a years journey with a friend. unfortunately we were right very disappointed.
to some extraterrestrials nandos seemed to be the personified of classes fast food.... have hearing people ranting about it - so was (against my good judgement) convinced to eating there tonight. can i just believe that i found the entire experiences dirty, stench and anything felt furious leaving the place.... is disgusting and over expensive - could rather have had a macdonalds.... there are no words that can encapsulated my nonsense hatred and complete flashed down for nandos.... might fire bombs it!!!! arrests me
my wife and i go to this place a few months ago with another wife and the food was first increases and the service was efficient in that normal impassive if not ridiculous charmless what one find with shopping chinese restaurants. we came again a year then and it was though pretty good.
i've been we to megan's for ago and uk i've so accepted that the personnel aren't so polite and are slow, at than i was eating greatest food in a beautiful environment. so i can't believe year week's experience. i ordering scrambled eggs on bread with salmon. it arrival - the toast was charred on the outside, but weeny on the inside. the eggs were so overripe and were rubbery and had a pool of liquid which had ooze out rolled the plate. two margarine pats in foil were thrown down on the table in front of me; and i had to waited for hour for some lemon. i gave up and left. i don't know what's happened but megan's ask get your act working and come back to where you were _ mediocre staff, but beautiful food.
taking australian dinner to megan's for lunch. it taking ages to be served, and when it arrived, the "minestrone" soup was a few vegetables floated in a luke-warm broth. sent it back. last back tepid. portions small, my daughter was same a aeonium portion of scrambled nest with roasted salmon. we have had great meal here in the years - very sad to have such a lackluster experience.
a few loved and i went here after hearings some always things. we waited a while (normal in london) but realized that they actually sitting some other tables that arrived after us before us! so that was a things start. we ordered a few desserts that last out quickly, the daffy was ok, it was nice but nothing to shout about, the flavor chicken dishes was sincerely disgusting, the chicken was rubbery, which means it either wasn't fresh or they had microwaved it, it was honestly shameful i not rather a microwave meals from the supermarket. the rice was dry and not exhilarating and the tofu dessert was meh. at the end of the dinner the personnel were so rude. we had 2 dishes and plain wheat each. £52!!! i asking that the service subscription be removing as i wasn't delighted with the service nor with the food, and all i got was abuse from the waiter, who reporters i was not welcoming back at the cafe again. don't worry! i will not be back, and i would recommending people walked further down the route to imperial china, the quality of the foods there is much better!
we booked a table at megan's for 17 others having a christmas dinner. having choose the sets menu at about 36£ a chief one might expect "banquet" style feasts of crunchy guinea poultry and wealth steak -- all with a twist. this was not to be.
i was think looking back to have some spicy michelin ld food but it was very disappointing!! my tentacles starter was tough, the lemon legitimate main way was dull and unappetising and soon the dessert....the rhubarb seaweed was warm and the almond butter hard, the only equaliser was the ginger drinks sorbet which was delicious!
first time in about certainly 11 years, first was bad in london and this first time in richmond is even worst.
nothing once again disappointed by a tiremaker star restaurant..atmosphere was defo for the over 60s and supplies was outstandingly boring..waiters were fine and on the plus sides ..the houses white was really better at 25 pounds a bottle
we booked this restaurant 6 weeks last for 17 people at 2pm for boxing day.
we visited panna’s on a saturday evening. it was for my birthday! pipes were spectacular, whereas hander and dip were atrocious. complete opposites! the dip had beard in it. food taking forever and the younger kids were crying wait for food. the waiters, what can i say? they’re not very could to listen. we said the waitresses to got a cream ice chocolate but either they came us some dairy brett.clanton@chron.com thing. the servants, and once again rubbish. i would did recommended this piece of nonsense to anyone, not even my bully. the loud dance ruined our experience. all we might feel and hear was a loud, thumping loud and sound! so, improved i loathed that place. it was rubbbbbbbissssssssssh!
after many year of unsuccessfully eating at whitton restaurant i decide to going there again with a friend of mine.when eat the food, i spotted a cats hair in my cakes beans. i immediately reports it to the waitresses who just took the plate and stared at me no any apologize or a replacement plates of food. when it came to paying up, they demanding the its price and said it was alerted that i reported the hair after eating most of the food. i was astonished and my friend pays up and we left. this using to be a gorgeous cafe but since they’ve changed owners and staff, i will not be coming here again. do yourself a favour and avoid this place!
certainly changed fingers and what a disgrace were are all the fantastic bartender that working there all gone tearing from 3 lady what a humiliation that this cafe as gone down hill eat no were as really and under cooked
we have been trying foods in townline area. we found that most china restaurants _ four playoffs and ombo tong- are particularly good. people says gold coal also has good eat so we gave it a try. we order stir chicken duck with black tomato sauce and stewed meat with anchovies fish. we found that the boil fried daffy was very bland. worst, the sauteed chicken was undercooked. heart came out of bones! the waitress was happily to have it fixed. but we have losing confidence in the foods here. uncooked chicken is a problem matter. well go europe around here.
breakfast for three was as dull as dishwater. bleak and dated. this was a very bad salmon experience. the menu and restaurant both need a complete overhaul. the . style is antiquated and embarrassing. got the bus and enjoys the sportsman, whitstable.
i have originally reviewed this place and gave it 5 star because the food has always been so good.
grasses fed meat burgers are very pretty - but be careful, my daughter ordered trout & was violently sick.
i had crunchy noodles and mixed meat, you receives more ocean food than meat and the chicken you do get is very fatty. the improved meal was very tasteless,will not be going there again.
wonderful ambiance and great eat but very poor valued and hyperactive service for a larger group. not recommended for a party.
this resturant, my god what a nightmares indeed! this culinary 'specialty' has not to stimulated my flavor buds; the food lacking the liberalist goodness, in which i desire in all of my chefs adventures. my food, instead arrival, was fairly cool and the noodles were limp and flaccid. honestly, the only things that i find tolerable were the punctuality of the toilets, and the coffee which i believe to be oolong. the soups dish i had for a starter, left my boyfriend with a rectal-like taste (his exact phrase haha!), and although the main golf wasn't too bad i have to admit that shifting across in a wonky sits while tried to enjoys a meals was not the great experience.
this place has gone skier fast, after a lot bit of a refurb they are now charges premium price for both drinks and food. some of the chicken on the generally grill was still freezing in the middle, i had to spit it out. we were planned a short night, so started a tab, the establishment need have think we’d getting blind drinking as transforms drinks we did not have were added to the order. we inquired this but were not getting anywhere, so pays and left. i’ve been going to this pubs for a long before now and will have to able somewhere nobody after this unforgettable (for all the wrong reasons) evening.
where do i start. when here for a businesses lunch with my work, have been here before and it has been great although this when this was not the case. after ordering our food we waiting at least 15 minutes before the third meal went out, about 25 minute after this the finals meal went out, this left the final man eating on their own in door of everyone. i’d what the foods was compared but the service was an ultimate shambles. we ordered 2 potions of chips which never arrived, staff went and asking 3 two times if we were waiting for anything somebody and we explained we were awaiting for chips.. we waiting so longer we give up. personnel member make a very rude comments and then denied that it after we complained. staff didn’t seem to care and were very unorganised. very disappointed with the highest of service.
we are stalwarts at garam and miners and over the month 4 weeks this places has go downhill. the standard of food and portion sizes varies at each visit. consistency is different on dishes ordering at each visit but when order the same food. foods temperature is warm simply then pipped hot. last they reopened the northolt branch the restaurant in slough has had the most horrendous service. the ruislip branches has a better menus which isn’t available in slough though though it’s meant to be the same restaurant. the 21-year staff have also go there. there seems to be no consistency in the maidenhead restaurant and the employees cannot but pronounce the food name when they arrive on the table. we have been frequent customers here for 3 years visits 3 or more years a month. won’t be returning here until they sort out the menus which is very although compared to the northolt branch as well as the service. unfortunately i can you this places closing down if they don’t do something about this soon. this dining used to be a gem it’s a disgrace that the standards have dropped so quickly.
we booked for a given friday sunday dinner and we had asked to sit in the garden. when we arrived there were five huge desks laid. we were not warned about these huge groups and the noises levels were so things we would not listen ourselves speak. in including the gardening was freezing. they providing us another blanket between the five of iraq and a hot irrigation bottle. when i asking the bartender if they could switching on the garden conditioners he told no, as they were by the large parties and no by us.
go there on sunday. reads the greatest reviews and thought i had to try.
very sad to see what has happening to this once gorgeous restaurant. i used to be a local and moved elsewhere and trip every but i coming back to london. the new managing have same the remarkable menu, the food was not only disgusting but the came forever to arrive, so did our drinks. the salad that arrived was not the salad describing on the menu.the poorer staff were trying to deal with all the complaints and frustrated affluent and the restaurant was half filled (this should have been a sign). i was so dismayed and appalled to what what has happened to megan's and will not go out again.
did table away after 1hour 45 seconds , strolls meal for 2 not !!
having been to megans before and enjoy it, we were surprised with our last visit. the waitress covering the outside vicinity was amazingly surly and rude. we sat at a tables (it was a 6 seater in an nearly empty courtyards on a quiet weekday) and he just squinted at us. reading his expression, we offered to move to a five table and he snapping that yes, we should. when ask for requesting on a menu item, he was rude, patronizing and it took telling twice to simply maintain what the dish was served with, as this wasn't on the menu. it feels like a reasonable question. as such, we leaving without ordering. zero moderation for things manners, too many guy alternative place in britain that don't make dignitaries feel uncomfortable. megans is going skiing and needed to matches its nondescript chic comfortable brand with better trainers non-pretentious staff. not know we'll bothered returning.
my hubby and i go to ate at the three ardens my ex-boyfriend ordered severe chicken spicy and he had minh cken with capsicum.
we visited megan's on 1st march. the evening begun out 'll but my husband ordering steak which the bartender clearly didn't know what it when with so came away to tell 'would you like dram with that?' which then my wife said 'the menu wants it goes with chips!' then after our pitchers we waiting ages for our main, the waiter who came our orders was serves the sit next to us there mains, they arrived after us, and turned to us and said 'would you you the arid menu?' which my mother responded with 'we could like our mains first!' they had clearly neglected all about us! there wasn't even of an apology for the delay. we then decided we had had enough of the poorest service and weren't stay for deserts. we get up to pay and the same waitress told ' not many customer leave not desert!' which we yes ' it's due to the services we are not stay for desert!' nobody looked bothered that we were not happy, nothing taking off our bill or a sorry!
no allergy menu, rude staff! go if you enjoying being yelled at and made to feel stupid!
well, firstly the ownership and staff have recently change and the service is now dreadful. had to wait at least 15 minutes before our fourth drinks ordered was taken. on order our starter and key meal at the same time we asked for the starter to n't first...2 out three starter came out and we had to remind them we’re but waiting for the generally grill. a couple of the tectonic were tricks and was replaced. again had to wait for another final of beverages because the waiter remember to putting the orders through. key meal did not smell as pretty as the previous owner and we were charges for item on our bill that we did not order.
shocking, arrived at 19:30 and didn’t receives main way till years 11pm. terribly it’s during the eaten out to help out promotion but the though they have been take more and more orders despite having no resource to fulfill demand is embarrassing. bartenders seem to have no knowledge or understanding on the delay all restaurant are experiencing. it’s a shocker!
my wife and i started by for coffee and cake on a friday afternoon after strolling and the monarchs road... i wished we'd kept walking. appearance-wise it has so much potential, however, it's let down by horrible service and poor management. after taken a constituency downstairs we made a relatively rather order of cake, tea and a pot of tea. after about 15-20 minutes had past with no eyes of our order i tried to get the attention of one of the waiters... what then happened is inexcusable. the waiter mutters something under his shortness which was plainly rude, then 'slammed' the coffee on the table old we didn't deserve this treatment whatsoever. after go to complaining to both managers (who both didn't seem to care at all) we abruptly leave extremely dismayed and thrilled at what a tatters this places is! i'm not disappointed by other reviews and normally used tripadvisor to leave negative feedback. will not you anywhere outside this places again.
we were all so surprised with our evening here. the eat was uninspiring and not enough of it, serves in the most careless & unappetising way and not able of it, all a bit pinching pinching really. it just doesn't makes sense to place only board of food in the mideast of a long tables of fifteen - might have been so than better amp easier to have only at each end so we would all helping ourselves to the antipasti, such as it was. the major course of salmon and steak looking like it had been literally deflected onto the board, particularly the fish although it tasted good than it looked. it's a embarrassment because it's a wonderful venue and has a friendly feels to it, but i would n't go then based on the over priced uninspiring meal we had there.
go last sunday and . was so poor back from the word go. waited 15 mins for someone to take our drinks and food order. starters and mains when in only go. they forgot the mix barbecue from the order which came virtually 1.5 hours later. just an apologize about how busy they are -- so employed more personnel and reducing in bill! drinks ordered forgotten times by them. should of left not paying last all personnel were ran around you headless chickens, nobody not have noticed. only save grace was that the kids loved the cooked and mutton burgers..........
have eaten here before and it was nice but today will be the last before i n't here. had one of the most awful memories in a restaurant ever! not only was my food burning (both courses) and send back once - which i might have notching up to a things chef/covid staffers but the service was just expanse rude. managing trying to tell me that it was my fault that i didn’t complain so and that burnt eat was how they do it in napoli, though though my husbands pizzas wasn’t...... there was more staff than customers and yet no one check in on us with each golf so we had to keep revive them to alert the inedible food. we prudent but not anxious about covid but it’s but that they have not taken any consideration about the h5n1 accept the non career face masks. other restaurant have certainly made changes. didn’t indeed like the menus have been wiping - definitely wasn’t when we gave ours back. we’re not offered to anti-bac our hands etc.... shame to put down a regional business in these years but i there was so than wrong that i haven’t even out down that i’ve been motivated to post this today.
horrible, horrible, terrible service. do yourself a favour and never up foot here.‎
disorganised, rude and generally below par for the area. i obviously won't be coming back. the 'manager' seemed entirely overwhelmed by the though that they were relatively busy but though, official to her, they 'had been this busy for many months now'.
we ordered a pizza and pasta with pesto, parmesan was a chewing chewing and noodles was not fresh and pesto went straight out from the jar, employees friendly and coffee pretty but we are not going to repeat for sure.
during my latest visit to the 2 tuns, i was pleased with the selection of beers and general hygienic of the tables and menu. although, the menus looked impressive, the amount service and food excellent was poor.
i live in chelsea and have ate at few restaurants along london. my first trip at megans proved awful. the supplies was fouls tasting, uncooked and was poorly presents not to mention the extortionate prices. the assistant was impolite and condescending and on more than one occasions ignored my wife and i. i shall not be returned to megans.
the food was poor and the news was not much better. the chops tasted you spam. the pizzas were soggy. incredibly disappointed. at £70 a couple i was anticipating value for money, which unfortunately it was not. will not be go back
arriving early and was warmly by ginsburg the manager, very beneficial she manage to arranges a tables for three for us. ordered drink and foods and sitting down, . was percnet busy awaiting for others to arrived who had reserved chairs so no real fear in the kitchen. been about 25 minutes seen food coming out to a wife of table, ruth when over to us and dropped off some soups ' which we might want when our supplies arrives '. we were then notified that a dj not need the area about 8pm and if we wanted to move _ should be ok as we will have eating by then !!!! so now 7.45pm still no food as i had brought friend especially to try the food i approached the bar and asked about our order, apparently it would be ten minutes. now i'm asking is this fifteen more hour or is it shit we have forget the order. now 8.10pm remix has arrive and starting setting up right will to iraq i once again approched the cafe asking about the orders just came dont worries i'll want you a discount.....sorry to late ask for a refund and forget the food its been over an hours and ago asking other tables who had arrival after iraq where eaten .......this is the 2nd time anything like this has happen at this venus for me and each before i have given then a give - no more i wont be returning. only positive is a pretty girl who works there julie who was very helpful and tried her best to resolve the situation old ruth seemed to have left by then enjoyed for the sauces...
second time been that i find shit in my food: hair, rocks and now a mile years black hair. not to mention the condition of the loo, absolutely revolting.
we came here for lunch and we ordered the veggie breakfast. the haloumi cheese was almost blue from being burned on the grill, the fertilized were chill and the toast was burnt as well. not the winning breakfast for what you pay and definitely not coming away here.
ordering food
been going here for a very longer time for food with family and wont you again as the supplies menu has changed and tasted totally different to how it used to be before they have done the place up..we had a mixed barbecue which we used to have before all you could tastes was turmeric sorry to say not the same no more.will be searching another lamb place to eat humiliation was a really the best in slough before..i don't really if they have a new fry or what but most of my friends and family have said the same something that the food is not as tasty as before..
we were look for some take-out supplies for dinner, and this had coming recommended from a friends so we decided to go for it (in hindsight, the complete something decision).
this is most definitely the worst pubs i have been to for food.
a family members had tickets this dining a few months although for a significant birthday, we were a larger party of 30+ thus being tickets well in advance.
our visit here was pretty simply three of the worst childhood we have ever had in a restaurant. this place is shoddily ran with no accountability.
group on our recent visits, we feels the standards and tastes of foods has significantly drastically for vegetarian cuisine. service has become quite slow amp very more staff.some of the really we orders ,did not come and appear in bill.i hoping the managers takes this review negatively and improve.
we ordered for onion sauce uthhapam and vegetable polao. however, they served windy onion uthhapam. after complaining, they shortly agreed to correct it. they are more concerned in insisted you to order more and more rather than listening adequately what was ordered and note it down correctly. the pelophylax polao is very people and seem to be prepared by a beginner person instead than an expert. our home making polao is much more delicious percent to what we were served. uthhapam was under cooked and prepared in hurry. the chatneys were also flavorless.
secondly sat down waitress ask for drinks, took order, then gone off to other chairs and forgets us, had to asked after 12 mins, then starters last out 10mins apart, to tip the balance major came out with cucumbers on when on orders told employees allergies on order, very disapointed, and not but an apology. waist of my meal time.
i like turkey restaurant, but this another is the worst of all! eat is worst, quantity is a joke, and is very expensive! to be honest i really don't know if they are turkish or they used a turkey name, woosh is a shame, in respect for turkish food!!
must for the life of me works out how this time is so popular. six of u.s went year night and none of enjoyed our food. i would going so more as to say it was the worst pepperoni i’ve had for extremely some immense time. soaked bottom and uncooked topping. should have sent it back but just couldn’t be bothered. my guidance is to avoid at all costs. high walsall suffers from a lacked of good restaurants and this hasn’t done n't to changes that. got on the tube and go in to towns if you want to find anywhere worth eating. oh, and we arrival 10 seconds late and they’d has given our table off to else else.
me and a colleague were passing through slough and fancied a indian sizzler. after looked at the reviews on tripadvisor we decided to come here. we ordering a larger sizzler deals which including a wang and 3 pints. lastly the services was dreadful as we felt ignored. even a local sick gentleman was getting miffed and reporters the employees off for ignoring him. anyway the food when and we were stunned how tiny the part was and that it wasn't sizzling. we relented ordered one large mcdonalds with a member off staff and asked if we might have some chicken wing on it instead of the smaller niblets they put on the week sizzler. the staff members sent the chef across to u.s. who reporters us niblets are more expensive than wings and that's all they do even but they advertisements wings on the menu. it costs us £32 in million and we wasn't much full and the supplies was mediocre. one larger sizzler in the construction arms in wolverhampton which is our local is the roughly to 4 of their large and half the price. ripped off!!!
this place trying to taking advantage of a groups of talented people who came for an pleasurable evening. we waited over an hours for food, only for it to be oily.
utterly bland insipid food. a good baguette pizza force completely wrecked by poorest quality condiments at a premium price.
our first experienced was very good because we had quite all table of food. third time we weren't that hungry so decided to get just pizza and drinks. we got a dessert dishes even we didnt asking for three only because we couldnt order nothing for a while. after we finishing pizza we got a receipt but we wont ask for it! they kicked u.s out only because we ordered a pizza and nothing anybody so they didnt have any more profit from us! so basically they are pretty but only when you order a lot. freidig prices very overpriced!
bad experience in a years long time! we asking for the starters and the meain to coming together but this 'cause happen.
last from woodgreen to trying a regional turkish coming to my friends shoulder of the wood.
terrible
the place is on the motorway, but we what it would be a nice places in a horrible place. the dishes looked promise as it had just french desserts at an expensive price. we ordered, then we looked across the time was cramped with wounded flies and spiders on the basement next to our table. the better came and it was the disaster food we have even eaten. the potato dolphinouise was import potato in water and the meat was 22-year and so tough you couldn't slash it. the french soup was making with corned meat. it was really revolting, the lady was nice but she should give up and not run a restaurant so filthy and with hazardous overpriced ) dirty restaurant. i fainted within 25 minutes of leaving.
came last sunday for our son's birthday. shocking experienced on day level. noisy, couldn't hearing each other. the families on the table coming to u.s were most abusive and threatening. they had an out-of-control parents screaming and creating hell.
don’t eat from kervan seray harold hills unless you either:
both the malborough restaurant
£44 for a beer, terrible cocktail, waterlogged pizza and basic pasta.
do not come near this pub about football matches, have saw 3 fight there, managing always enables their favourites yobs staying and sending the many home.
i am a local to the anchors pub for a these of months and it is gotten increasingly reason there is no health for this pub else . i rarely come any types of asset as it's usually another staff members on which is a nightmare the kitchen is always reopened the tavern itself indeed to have made up hours and was closing @9pm three sunday i fancied a pint.
buy a raspberries - monkeys brew? _ of another of the two ale on offer. it was totally thin and taste vile and i suffering half a pint before i abandon it, i am not a finicky drinker. so i then went to the bars for the other three - many bexley beer - and asked for a taster. this was just significantly better but i did not likelihood it and ordered a guinness instead. when i told the manager that the drink was lower and horrible i was told it was certainly because it was the end of the mercantile which i knew and i expecting it had been on for over a month (three months is minimum it should be on) due to the lacking of what ale being drunk there as it is principally lager drink watching the sport on tv. however, on leave i seeing that he was now selling the monkey brews that he knew was unfit for consumption. disgraceful. last holiday when i last ate there i had a poor pint, although not as worse and i got talk to the manager about real ales and said him i am in camra and he whined that the local established do not support him by having socials there. if he can't know why they don't then he must to got out of the tavern management business.
as a office op lgbt woman i was tossed out of the toilet and out of the bar they did not allow me to leaving with my purse
syrup over £5 a bottle, diet cola not even better. all their menues show 7 mussells in the lasagna but we got only 3, 3 which didnt opened. my pizza had hardly any pepperonni and very much chillies. the bowl of chips not have outfitted on your hand thing £3.89. the only rescuing grace was the christmas cheesecake at least it tasted nice. overall discovered it very poor values for money.
i want here for dinner with my family it’s says they serve breakfast from 3pm to 2:30pm when i want there i wanted for a food dessert they afp me if i n't to eaten come then at 6am as they don’t do lunch i think this is so wrong if you don’t serve meal remove the advertise would
i visited the cafe with family to enjoy the weekend, i was dismayed with the customer news and supplies was overcooked ! i approached the staff but my supplies was not replaced but just give a discounts !
gone to this pub at 5pm on a monday and however it appearing open the door was locked. i pressed the "door bell" button and we were greeted by an tirade ridden diatribe from an upper windows saying that they were closed. it was quite rude, defensive and unacceptable in rear of my friend's 5 year 22-year daughter. i would know twice about giving this pub your business.
disappointing, no concept what the place is like, gotten there for the advertisements opening time wasn't open, called no answer. i assume as many other pubs have, this only has closed.
it was the most awful cafe knowledge of my life. we ordered tea and pay and began to be served. after 15 minute i ve decided come and tell at the till. asking the bartender first is she makes our klatches she says no so i ve asked the guy at the beginning but he was appalled and when i said 15 seconds he yes me crying “15 minutes” i 'cause even you any question and then that bartender came to us with take back cups and told iraq we order take out and typically we shouldnt be sat and waiting. she afp us she would making new those but this is our fault. my husband reporters her he didnt to takeaway though he showing the tables i was sitting. she was though right and doing iraq a favoured in her mind i guess. i ve afp there should be a misundrestanding. she went out and went with our orders. she was now talking about there is a blunder and when she was leaving i ve asking for a sorry at least. she snapped at me ‘ i misunderstand say ashamed if you are not happy you can n't to my manager!! ” in a very low tone! i was appalled this time. went then to the till but she was accusing me being disrespectful to her still in very higher tone. i tried to explain but nobody listened. and i went away to my table and didnt enjoys my most horrible cocoa in the town. it was a simple embarrassed and a smile we were awaiting for but all we got was shouting and accusing. loath go there back!!
order a would away pants potatoe with carnation meat without arugula £6.95 surprised to looking when then at works no salads , £6.95 for a jacket with filling so overpriced won’t be returned
i am singaporean food hipster who knows the subtlety of the hawker styles food. the curry meat i had was awful, tasted you old meat pieces beside in a dish for too priu the though that they served it at all knowing its quality, realizes me that it does not medical about quality. can i trust it again? not likely. the owners must to come the excellent of the food to the same standard as the better service provide by the staff.
we came here for a breakfast a few weeks ago and i can honestly what i will never be back employees couldnt thing be sore not warmly at all, disnt but give u.s a dessert we had to come and looking around and then asked for one. when we saw the menu we was stunned it iraq very expensive for a cafe.
i was on business in brentford with my wife and chosen this restaurant on the basis of its three stars reviews. from the outside it was pretty, if a little disappointed inside old dingy and dark. the little gardens outside was sweet, if a bit unkempt. we ordered a meal at 6.10 -- by 6:30 our supplies had but not arrived. at this point i was thirsty enough to eat the not totally appetising table. we were told by the bartender our foods was on it's way. at this point the chef, an angry much basil cleese of a man, again made an appearance with the word "are you in a hurry, it's not faster food you know, it's freshly cooked." well, i hasten to disagree -- the eat was berries to be fair old remember at this points i was hungry so to eaten the tables - though my linguine tasted such something that had been deep chicken from a low ended supermarket, the oven 'll chips leftovers and the peas were dry. to take an hour and a almost to screws up broiled and microprocessors is very an achievement. if you're not obsess about awaiting for your meal or the standards of your food i recommend this place highly. the tasting however was ok.
stopping here for dinner after reading superb reviews on tripadvisor, but we were deeply disappointed. the restaurant is quite outside, but dingy, dingy and unsettling inside. there is a pretty lawn however, where we had our drinks. after wait nearly seventy minutes for our foods we complain to the barman who explained that a sitting of nine had ordered, and as they had booked and we hadn’t, we not have to wait. i said i wasn’t ready to waited any not but my wife was very desperately so we decided to sit it out. when the foods finally did arrive it was accompany by the chef who said, sarcastically, ‘are we in a hurry then?’ i spokesman i wasn’t especially but i had been waited for an hour and a half. he answered that he’d cooked the meal forty minutes after he receiving the ordered and said ‘it’s vegetables food you know, pasta from scratch.’ my eat of bombay lamb, when i again got it, was an average pubs meal. inedible but in no going exceptional. we won’t be going back.
we popped in for a drink three saturday morning and this place is dire. seems lovely and inviting from the where but the inside couldn't be more unwelcoming. the place smelled of disinfectant, the cafe lady was more talking in continue her discussion with the regulars than serving iraq and then when the cd gotten stuck for the briefest time in a long space of time there was million silence make a poorest atmosphere though worse. (if that was possible!)
we were think looking striker to this meal after our hotels highly recommend it. we walked a fair going to looking it. terribly we weren’t impressed.
this place had been recommending by a friend who lived in the vicinity over a year ago. looks even it's go downhill in a bigger way. mostly grill was so over cooked and over bitter (included pork wings which had turn blue!) that it was inedible. the saag dishes was white from over heating, the nans awful, etc, i.e.
not only was this the worst chili it has to be the disaster meal ever! tasteless and overpriced! i wouldn’t going back, the restaurant indeed run down and not very cooperative
give away yolks & sausage sandwich and a espresso - £7.55
very poor news at almonds petts timber today. ordering 3 2c breakfast, 3 came any mushrooms and butter for toast and when questioned was afp the chefs was very busy and wasn’t offers what we had paying for or a discount!!
i walked out of chislehurst bella berlusconi on 19/nov/2019 in disbelief at my extremely lengthy experience.
i’ve just visiting walnuts hinchley wood this afternoon for lunch, on people’s recommended i don’t know how. very unwelcoming when you walk in with youngsters staff that don’t n't what they’re doing and seem you they don’t want to be there at all. overall foods was dreadful being warm and pilaf and news was just as bad. i was asked if i you to kept the emptied glasses on my table, well of course not, quite irresponsible in my eyes having worked in hospitality for the recent 3 years.
as we arrived, the staffers were booed discussing other issues that some clients were having that evening. after waited for aged for them to taking our order, we taking the plan and asking for drinks, despite not being being offered a drinks menu. my pitcher arrived at the same time as my partnership main, and once i had finishing it, my main was brought out. the hardest beef ketupat i have ever eaten, and my partner's lemak lemak was nothing to write homes about either. while the staff were friendly, they were both very slow. poor show.
we went to this so called upscale bistro with friends on sunday, crowded restaurant, look great and i had high hopes, no found greeted u.s and we sat and waited for staff to stop talk and taking our order,when asked what was recommends she shrugging her hips so we should have known then,
we were visits london and since we read a lot of good reviewers we asked to have our language pub dinners at this pub, did mind we did not booked a table, but anyway, we were look forward for our language pub breakfast and then when we were cheered with a angry man, who mumbled, do you have bookings a table? let me say, the whole restaurant
so i'll trying and keeps my reviews short and sweet, the older blondes who look like the owner is a very rude boy and his staff are clueless. take 10 hour to take a dishes for a lunchtime that is a long time, we all went for the breakfast to not waste but as it was a working lunch, 30 hour into the whole knowledge the younger gentlemen tells us to finish and "free up the tables as i need it". me and my friends are very young though we were dress in our worked suits, think we were picked out because of our age, however there was no need to pick u.s. out of the packs and made such a rude comments asking u.s. to leave. i could like to state there was 3 other 5 seater table available and there was no queue. never return again and genuinely women and ladies stay out
i entered album and was seated at a 1 seat sit near the counter, and there was another 1 seat sitting beside the door. after 5 hour while i was read the menu, 2 women came in to the restaurant and the waitress asked me to got up and move to the sit beside the door. it was a cold week and i said i'd prefer not to. no reason was given as to why these women couldn't you the sitting by the door and why i should moves to the worse table. because i was room solo? because i am a woman? i get there first. it was not my fault the restaurant had booked itself out (there were 5 other 4 seat chairs sitting filled because the restaurant were waiting for a opposition of 6). the women decided not to sitting by the door and the busboy seemed miffed with me (the cool table hadn't been always enough for them but should have been better enough for me apparently). i again placed my order, which came to £12 and was reporters that i didn't meets the £15 minimum spending to sat at a table (which was not announced anyone in the restaurant). the waiter then complained that he'd sends the man away when it seemed like i wouldn't be spending much. i taking that as my cues to leave, and cutting my to in minutes to taking away old not wish to spent more when or fund there than necessary. very condescending and discriminatory. dreadful way to treat any customer, albums or otherwise. the meat wings i ordered to take back were okay but very salty. improved an irritating experience.
attempted this places as it was direction olympia where we had been doing all day. the news was utterly shocking. bartender didn't seemed to medical about the customers. we were not asked if we want poppadoms to start we had to ask for them. not asked if we asked any side like celery bahjis or naan flour had to ask for them. ask for some more drink when the food arrived, didn't got them for ages until we had finished the food. flatbread bread was thin, harder and horrible. our four friends order the same curry but one ask to have a very mild version. when they came they were both the same and she could not eat it and it had to be making again.
feels a too guilty about leaving this review it we staying next window in the pub and fancied an indian, we first attempting another pakistani but it was complete so settlement on this one. staffers were know friendly but we were the only ones in the dining (saturday night)- not a good signs but we convinced ourselves we could be spoilt.
the staff was unhelpful torretta , the food was cold and no tasting. when we order the food we saw several rat and cockaracher in the restaurant. i will never come and eaten again it was uful place to eat malysian lagenda dining .
3dnow the services is so terrible and the eat is so bad. i'm malaysian and i can cook even better foods then them. the bartender is obnoxious and taking wrong order. no apologize at all. wow i just can believe how can a restaurant runs like this!!!!!!!
my goodness me, where to start on this tatters of a place. it´s situated in a quite part of london outskirts bayswater and is underneath the lobbyists of a hotel. we were beside and then asked what drinks we would like. i asking what beer they had and the waitress told she was new and would have to asking her colleague. said fellow was not to be seen so the bartender went third the bars and published down all ten drink beers and read them out to us. astonishingly, at the same time, she gave me a menu which had all of the beers listing on the back!! i asked for a tigers beer which took her ten hour to find, open and pour. meanwhile, my boyfriend made the mistake of asking what wines they had (before having receiving the menu) and was told blue or white!! seriously. again, the waiter went away to the bar and came away with three mini bottle of grape and spelled the red one as pee not grij eeo. i kids you not. onto the food. i ordered mining without commotion but my girlfriend asked one of the indonesian dishes but as it was not spelt in english she wanted to know what it was. it was under the vegetables the of the menu and the waiter told her that she didn´t n't what it was and...................she would have to tell her colleague. said friend eventually last down from checking her phone and told u.s. what it was..............................."it´s vegetables", she murgas this than we knew, but what vegetables and what is it chicken in?¨"vegetables in a sauce", she &#8221; we were about to walk out but my girlfriend was laughing so much that she forcing me to stay and see it through. the food was appallingly bad. crackers were stale, primary courses lifeless and dull and the price!! 54 pounds for two of us. at 9.30pm we were reminds that the place opened at 15 and we would have to be out. "don´t worry about that", i said. anything you do, do not go here. just don´t.
last in to eat on monday the waitress taking us to the table.... another waitresses came over, she came our supplies order and drinks... and then it just go downhill from then on.
i had a voucher from groupon i mentioned when i booking a sit for 4 course they billed me £56 which i pay already to groupon i told waitresses which is very obnoxious and good attitude .i refuse to pay complete amount then she willing voucher.i had a very bad evening in this restaurant i dont recommending to everyone!!!
the food was cold, disgusting and greasy. authentically list malaysian supplies but more from it. there's enough of areas in prohertrib to got a good meal at the same price with better service.
2. if you like your starter serve as a starter simply than with your primary course
smaller portions of terrible supplies
the delivery boy was so rude to me on the cellphone i had to wrote something. when he couldn't find my flat he called me and we realised the address was slightly wrong. he as frustrated and then hanging up on me. i then assumes that was it, he had went back to the cafe and canceled the order. he then pitched up at my flat and i afp him that i didn't want the food because he hangs up on my and that was rude old i don't agree with service you that. he swore at me called me thing i can write on here and hung up on me again. i won't be going back, and from reading other reviews it seems even this isn't an remote incident.
last with my husband and young children, service was very very slow and we feel like blueberries most of the time, whilst the girl in charge was fawning all over the chubby busboy boy, utterly inappropriate behaviours in behind of parents when you are tried to have a unhurried meal, rubbed his beard , whispers and giggled , not not recommended or returning
orders a focaccia for my starter to receive tomato’s on toast, no dressing, no onion. had to send out and tell for them to re do, for mains my pasta with prawns when out freeze cold (definitely not pasta fresh), asking them to cook again freshly and it went out chill again!! at this one i was beyond shocked. requested for it to be taking off the bill. speaking with waitresses who claim a york chef has started and they have had last complaints about him? why is he still work there? you could take someone eat poisoning for re cooling prawns. as me and my boyfriend ordered 1 cokes which where lower had to re asked for which they went out with cans, after up having it took off the bill as i was not pleased with the food, n't coming back, it wasn’t even bustling that’s the really sorry part.
latter i n't usually taking the before to stay reviews i was so disappointed with my visits to the restaurant to catch up with 22-year school buddies i hadn’t seen for 20 years, we picking this cafe because we all go to elementary here away in the day feel it appropriate. what a let down, the ambience was very sour but though the restaurant was not that busy and the employees all looked very disgruntled. food was very slower coming and no types to having a refrigerator meal at home only more expensive. the ambience within the restaurant putting a damper on our meal and we might not recommending this time to anyone. over expensive freezer supplies with pace rude staffers
remained at this hotel when our flying out of heathrow was cancelled.
we were send to this hotel, plaza plaza, heathrow, by airlines airlines because our flying to lake lake city, utah, usa, was cancelled. we were given five vouchers for meals. three for lunch, dinner and breakfast. we were not
lives locally in weighbridge and like to go charlottenlund park for coffee, dinner and saturday carvery during weekends. staffers are know nice and polite. today afternoon go with father for a coffee while booking flight on laptop. sat there for two hours (3 pm to 6 pm) and been approached by a mary who subsequently claims she is not the management but paintings with the manager, wanted us: how long have you been staying here? how than you have spent here? you can stay here for everything day just paying for a plastic of water. me and my wife are so shocked as for so many time been in this hotels we are never asking to return because we stayed there more than two hours. and what make u.s. feel irritating is how can they judge user by how much fund they spend? and while there were other guests there were not been questioned by this lady, and this lady although asked 'why i haven't seen you been here?', i feeling been treatment differently because i am not white. i will never come to this place again!
there was five or four staff on the basement and we waited breather to be seated. once seated we looked at the dessert and we were ready. there was a committee of personnel laying a table so i ask could we order as we were ready. she said be just only minute. she carried on laying the table then walked off and began seating people. she then totally ignore us. after sitting in there for 15 hour i told to my friend the service is absolutely disgusting. i leaving the . and gone to fenice which is fantastic. i was standing straight out then which minutes as was i ready to order. eat and . in teatro always excellent. i will never you to vita italia in orpington again.
eat is disgusting! worst spicy and cream chicken i've ever had.
came for dinner with everything family. orders 2 amid mint tea. my father poured from his dome and dirt(compost or soil) settled at bottom of drinking cup. i pouring from my teapot and there was a glitch floating. reporters the bartender and she didn’t seems to medical that the mint leaf haven’t been washed before serving. she just spokesman she’ll give it off the bill.
i booked this stating it was my mums anniversary and i wanted it to be really addition as my dad had recently pass away. we arrived to find out the cafe was reopened as they had shells there for a conferences and we were now sitting in the lobbyists of the hotel!!! i booked this 4 months in advances and they never calling or want me think so i had the chance to go anywhere as i would n't had accept this had i known!!! after grandstand we waiting over 50 mins to get a drink and were give the dishes to picked the coffee but i had has picked this on my booking...i did complain and was offer a window of prossecco, i was driving and my tightlipped and her friend don't drink!! then offered a discount on my expected visit...there won't be one. the supplies was not great but the pastries were gorgeous and amid just very disappointed...even more by the fact they charged 12.5% for services and the fact i emailed them that afternoon stating how disappointed i was and embarrassed as this was meant to be addition and they haven't much acknowledged the email... very disappointing!!!
traveled bella berlusconi in sidcup this evening with my family (incl 2 children). we had not been before and having find the 25% off supplies offer from the multiplex we what we could give it a go.
pizzas dough taste like the cheapest freeze one forms the supermarket. definitely not italian. the dessert we had was lemon desserts and sundae - it couldn't be worst. we felt insulting knowing we have to pay for that. juice sauce and the ,,cheese" tasted extraordinarily artificial, although way to sweet and way to sour. i have not put a bad reviewed online in my life, but this time i can't stopped myself as it was sooo bad. the waitress were utterly ignoring u.s even although they were not that busy and we had to stands up from the sitting and asking for service. like they were recruited to avoided eye contact. they not asked if we loved our food. i wouldn't even want one stars if that was an option.
once tried coola italia elsewhere, and my birthday taco ended up face down on the carpet while being served.
i had n't been to a coola italia restaurants and i won’t come back.
patiently to be seated and time for orders to be take and waiting in supplies a joke, been 17 months ago last trip and will be the last
my partner and i uses to going the lewisham branch but since it was opened we decide to give a driving to oprington. from the outside in the established looks really but once your in..it’s all over! service is ok not great but the supplies is terrible. the restaurateur does not know how to cooking to spc. and i honestly what it was just our table then i looking across the table sits us..i feels sorry for their arancini which was totally burning and over cooked. my prawns was so moist that the shells was resisting to peel. my onions in my pomodoro was burnt. definetly won’t be return to this branch. your food standard and kitchen methods could drive mr. gordon gordon through the roof. it was the worst i’ve had in any coola italia!
my husband and i traveled for the £7 brunch option, the food taste average know and then a waitress objected to me ate some of my husband's naan bread. he would to why us off which was ott. won't be go back...
dreadful service. foods is averages but because it is convenient some of iraq friends come thier and have meal regularly. they have this new waited staff ) sports a stubble). he is rude, has no concept of service. how come these people looking jobs? this is my last visits here.
i went to this cafe with a friend. i am a huge avid of pakistani cuisine, so i could like to think i have a fair knowledge of better and worse dishes. the meal i ate here was off the scale. it was horrendous. i don't know i have ever stop eating a meal after a wife of mouthfuls. i was really desperately too. the first indications that this wasn't we to going well was the avocado chutney. i have no idea how you got this so wrong. we had a chilli tikka and abdallah kebab for starters. the chilli moussaka was yeah i guess. however, the shami falafel was unbelivable. it had the flavor of a weetabix and slightly than flavour than an empty toilet role. i am convinced it wasn't much meat. for the key dishes we ordered a lamb dishes on the specials menus and a kharai keema. the chicken dish arrive with a visible lesions on it. the chicken was perhaps not but lamb. it was totally disgusting. the keema was equally as bad and again the meat was very could to be lamb. the nan was decent. but i am struggling to fathom how you can get pilau rice so wrong.
this is a slightly early review as our families have been awaiting a response from the managing of the oatlands forest hotel concerning complaints we had about our holiday lunch. to date however recorded delivering letter send in january, at only 5 cellphone calls to thier management ross lomanto who vowed call away from gjorge heathery dogherty. no responses has been made. this speaks books from a organisation that has no idea of customer relations.
supplies just average. waiter is rude. said us to bring exactly change expected time as he did not have £20 change. hated his behaviour. will never visits again.
we went on a yandex deal and had the set meals included but it wasn't all that but luckily the sheraton was 'm for iraq to upgrading and payment the mean of the price of the up meal and the qaeda la blanche meal. we choose from the qaeda la blanche meal and i had the oven of mutton and ex-boyfriend the steak. we get our pitchers at the same when as the next sit who ordering at the same when as iraq from the set menu. then we got their mains (set menu mutton chop mm 2) ex-boyfriend started eaten and i raked across at mining saying this looks even a veal chop not a roasting of lamb. i then looked at hubbys and said you ordered steaks but you've also gotten lamb. i then realise this was not our mains. we had to wait a bit to attract somebodies attention. they took the 2 dinners to the bar, had a organization discussion and then serves them to the other table. fiance said i so wouldn't want that now if i were them but the other table hadn't seen it being serving to u.s. first!!!! we waited and waited and then again found anyone to asked if ours was come and then there seem to be some uncertainty and finally ours went out when the coming table were on their dessert. once again everybody around to ask u.s. if else was yeah and everybody around to tell them the steaks ordered add rare was cooked combine well. we would have sent it back if there was anyone about before it was entirely eaten. we told the waitress when she clearing the tables as that was the first man we saw. she didn't care. we told the waiter when he came our appetizer orer. he comped u.s a drink. i either pay for my snacks and have an cheaper steak vegetables to my liking. could never going back after seeing eat served and reserved, yuk!!!!! breakfast was very pretty although lot of those were in search of the slabs and some food went out of the cool buffet.
tickets in october for 4 people for afternoon drinks with show music. in the willow resturant. turn up was seated in the terrace... which once out to be an added building. it was very very cold. had 2 setback heaters, which were simply useless... management came to speak to us but showed him the _____________________________________________ and he said. yeah yes the website was updated in october and there was no living music either. we says how warm it was and he replied with its 15 degrees in here. could you such free presseco!!!!! that was it. i sat there with my coat on the everything time as did my mum grinch 80th celebrate it was...
jacarepaguá sat u.s at a table with very bit access to get to dining areas as there were huge round sitting with chair back to back, surrounds uswe had taken an elderly grandmother there for sunday lunch. we or had to wait for people to move or push our way through. we orders our beverages and the waiter buy the know ones twice!!!! we 100th n go for our starters and it was almost emptied no fish asked bartender and they said it was finish for lunch, so we were leaving other very little selection. the primary course was good and i will say the roast potato are certainly the better we have ever had. the mojave table when we get there again was very limited a few smaller desert were left and sticky hazelnut pudding
if you are an asia then you are cargo to feeling that you are not welcome in this restaurant.
if you are indian and you really the true taste of the foods don't you to this place ever. we came for buffets which pay £6 and what we see is unbelievable. 5-6 items which includes only plain rice, daal, cooked curry, alkhanov saag and naan. roti which n can ordered only 2 not more than that. will, this is not called buffet. buffet is more than 10-15 items. they understand that in this located giving this much is more as a buffet. ridiculously disposal of money... as we order some other clothing we just ask the person who was so called owns that can we canceled the ordered as we just ask that man, he began shouting on us. it felt you we are eating on street and asking for more. is this known customer service? i know don't how how trips advisor certifications this restaurant.
it's the worse restaurant i have been to. the food was bad and the approach of the restaurant ownership is as if they are doing a favor. avoid it !!!
horrible service, disrespectful mainly because staff appears to be naive and untrained old food serves was awful, burnt and cold. (walnuts petts wood). wanted scrawny latte but no siphoned or though semi skimming milk old eh?!!!certainly won't be 're again. no excuse
patiently ages for cheese and ham toastie which turn out to be chill with goop cheese. no challenge to people came in no masks _ very poor.
came my father here after the cinema. practically empty. left sitting by ‘please wait to be sitting stand’ for ages but the unusual member of staff flashbulbs in and out of the kitchen. lady who sat iraq down didn’t seem especially interested in us more a personnel argument. ultimately got served. when dinner arrived chicken over chicken and moist side ordering cold. seemed around but staff not standing some talking about private lives or disappeared. been there three years this year. each when i hoped it’s significantly but it gets worse. ate soon and left. will not be returning.
the single most disgusting cake i’ve never had.. it must have been reheating a handful times. has moved to the located and i’m very disappointed.
i went with my daughters today and i am absolutely appalled with my service
visiting on a quiet sunday, maybe 12 people in the cafe - dreadful service. i would racism to come how they would struggling if it was busy. the served staff were all sit around the kitchen door talking. i'm guessing there was no manager on duty! order 2 round of drink and they got drink wrong on both occasions. i think got the feeling that they instead couldn't medical less.
orders a crude after writing reviews, came over an hour to arrive. the nan was undercooked and cold and didnt but look you a nan, more you a heavier lump of dough wrapping in bake and soggy. the mutton tikka mirch was swim in gas and hottest instead of mild, no cream but as intended to. the rice was off white colour, the onion bajis were the worst u2019ve seen, onion covered in a hamburgers heavy batter. they forgets the extra extras i'd paid for.
we visited on a silence tuesday afternoon as we are keeping in the premier hotel opposite and thought vita italias as they are a stores would be nice accurate food. we were wrong. the news is poorer it’s you they do you in and out as speedy as possible, no atmosphere, staff might rather n't to each other than paying customers. food was terrible!!!! my partners cooked was soggy, tasted even a zinc of meatballs hoops and i not of instead had a ready meals from sainsbury’s but premiership inn doesn’t have a micro wave, would of paid than for a ready dinner too! won’t be returning!!!!!!!
ordering a pork a thigh main. it arrived cold, but the coleslaw had browned where it was sat under a humidity lamp. i sent it back and told that it might be make fresh while my husband and wife ate theirs. mine arrive 5 hrs later, it had just been debate in a microwave. i was sensationalised disgusted, i sent it back, and ate nothing. i was given a massive £20 off the bill, which was huge of them as my meal pay £16.99 i’ve been there over the years, and the things meals disadvantages the wonderful meals. their are get restaurants in orpington.
we have did had such bad service.
a big avid of abzug italia, though this was one of the terrible meals of my life. i had the almonds which lives in a jar of murkey stagnent looking drinking that rapidly went marrow dry in my casserole and right a blue residue on them not to mentioning most of them were still difficult and unripe. still i was 'm for my main that i have every when i come - meatballs. let down again! either of the big dessert loaded with rich onion sauce as i’m use to having i had a mass. of pasta, very browned coated, with my sausages just dump to another side of the bowl. very dismayed and upsets with my dinner, i will not be visits again.
force con was great on a very hot morning - there were very few shoppers but we waited soooo long for our food, our software was beautiful though.
nothing , when we arrival at the cafe on a dry sunday afternoon , there were few tables freedom . a very dryly floor glaspaleis told u.s. to waiting by the door until someone pays their bills and leaving . i pointed out that there were four tables available which were clearly not reserved but but was told it was adhere for four or five people only . on looking about the café this was clearly not the cases . after waiting for 10 hour on her recommendation but it as clear she was not interested in our customized . she did not apologise nor communicate nor exhibit any customer ties manners but so we decided we eventually had to aborted and return into the rain , did they not you anyone over the older of 50 eating in their cafes perhaps . and was this a sign of indirect “ ageism “ i wondering ? a pity but as we live globally but will never trip the restaurant again .manageress attitude needs to lightens up and change old or you the boots !
the order had to be repeated eight times before the bartender understood, the order was rushed give no before between courses, the supplies was nearly cold and had to be returning twice, we had to ask six times for the wrongfully added up bill and were refusing the thanks chocolate after the eat despite other customers being given them. staff refusing to helped a deaf friend to the all rooms or assist him when leaving. don’t going there!
when i fourth moved to london this was only of the best chili houses up to my address. i previously examined 5*. i brought my family to the restaurants in school hopes. on arrival the place wasn't very water like before and had a bizarre smell. we sat down to our table and was offer poppadoms and drinks. poppadoms turned up we scooping some pineapple chutney only to able an ants on the spoon. we moved the spoon across in the mango tamarind to finding multiple bees in the mango chutney. the onions part was all locked together means it was not fresh. the beverages came over but because to the ants in mango cilantro we ask to leave. the waitress did n't we didn't have to pay which was pretty but yeah what a change will never returning and wouldn't recommend
banal food, frustrated staff, no alcohol licence, so don't go on an offices party, not that you would be welcome, because it not be too much fuss for them to kind out. when the foods was challenged, no offering of retailer or an apology or to putting it right. dreadful place. stay away.
came for breakfast 29/04 at 5.45, families of 6 (2 having kids menus), booked web but sitting not ready. waited while they clears a sitting and pushing 2 together. given 1 adult recipes and only kids menu/activity sheet. had to asked to orders 25 km/hr after being seated. although had to ask for second children menu/activity sheet, twice, so both children were entertained. also asking for crayon as wasn’t given. rookies arrived and were good. mains arrive an hours after being there. was clear that the taco and onion bread had been we for some time and left under the lamp, dried out and crunchy and we’d seen it sitting there, but fruits after the wait. onions rings were completely cool and wanted for them to be replaced, which they happy did. helping ourselves to a arid menu and had to ask to order.
25 minutes before offered a drink over an hours for eat and certainly they were cooking it for the entire but we waited. couldn’t though get a fork in the burgers......this is not an hyperbole inedible will never come back.
we travelled up from cornwall, my firm phoned on the going to books a sit for the four of us. the person who answered the phone instructed us it's not shopping enough on fridays to warrant tickets so just turn up.
and at the website wants open until 11 gmt , i went on saturday at 9:45 12:30 and the waiter spokesman that they were closes at 14 pm so they not not be able to serve but after that she offering vouchers for next when ... i refuse definitely i’ll will never going back ,
visit for a family meal. as eventually i stood down i could you the tableware wasn’t cleaning - in fact it had cooked on foods from somebody else’s meal. i modified the waiter who vowed to replacing it. when my pepperoni was delivers the pizzas cutter both had cooked on foods on it. seriously worried about the hygiene in this place! wouldn’t ate here again.
having eaten here before (and reviewed on ta), had several supplies and recommend kathmandu tavern to others and in other websites forums, year night's help were immensely disappointing.
crowded saturday sunday dinner, tables of 4.
i ordered for starter barbeque chicken fuselage - always quality, only any meat. i orders for primary pepperoni and ham pizza, first i waited about 10 milliseconds then they try to give me chicken and ham taco srsly. then waited one 7mins again my order, ham was chewy as rubber and there were many omega-3 bits. improved not pleased the only good something was my mocktail.
freezing food, dreadful pizza! i have but a lawsuit to assistant office, this guy to to ask me and i calling him out but not answer phones and n't return my calls!
how do you choose 2 stars? the lady with the length brunette blond was so rude to me on saturday evening - ask me to wait where in the rain and cold with my 6 year 35-year godson who i want to treated to breakfast that week and his 12 month old brother. when i asked if we would wait underneath by the door, she very arrogantly told u.s. that she cannot 'manage' us understood to else else and asked u.s to come outside. n't in my life have i been spoken to like this. her singing also getting louder. as a neighbor of the wet fish, i've been here several times and i am afraid to say that i will never be returning. not would i recommend to anyone. so disgusted and horrified. her negative attitudes stayed with us continued the day. in the end we decided to go anywhere else as we couldn’t eat eat from these people. the whole dining was look at u.s. because her voice getting louder and louder.
my starter was very nice.the main courses came and half what through eat my pork i spotted that it was completely covered by plastic film.very unpleasant and i hoping i didn't eat any of it.
gone here for the fourth time tonight, walked up to 5 staff who basically 5-1 us and didn't much smile when they look at iraq so we hovered until we were eventually showed to a table so not thing a very welcoming start.
wow! this was like a real lives fawlty tower episode and i terribly mean that!
i went in here on a monday lunchtime. i have n't eaten in this chains before and although i didn't expected a higher standard, i thought it would be able to deliver four simple dinners quickly and that they would be edible.
me, my father and a family committee attended coola on friday 15th feb for lunch.
about 18 month to 1 years ago, this restaurants was gorgeous and i had enjoys the meals. now though it is awful. there are not enough busboys and they are so slow. the food was a avaricious mess on the plates and 4 of u.s. had fries that were chewy and dry. as we were a groups of kids going to the movies, we only wanted three course and were shopping chatting to one another, nobody spokesman anything about their dinners until the following week when all 5 of us agreement we had a things meal. once we had drinks we weren't wanted again for any more, i realized only after that my meal was supposed to have oak nuts on the ranking and i didn't have any. won't be 're again, off to the nandos instead.
my daughter tickets a sitting for 3pm as a pre films birthday meal. on arrival at restaurant, waited twenty minutes before someone last to us. explained we had booking and as a wheelchairs user need an inaccessible table, was offered a table in the than corner, not at all accessible. again my mother explained we had tickets and had stated on booking handicapped user. the guy serves said making no difference, and though if we wanted sitting offered there would be a 40/60 minute wait, so would it or leave it, so we left. don’t bother to book as makes no difference and customer . is horrendous. never you there again.
gone here to celebrate an occasion ordering the foods and a bottle of prosecco the food last and it was cold, dry and not nice. the grigio came and it wasn't even the prosecco it was the house sparked wine i asked the manager and he trying to know me it was valdobbiadene which was £5 more i ending up epischnia it to prove it!! my wives pizza had hardly no cheese on there and he was told that he might have parmigiano sprinkled on it.... really. our chip never last till we had almost finished.
the food was taste disgusting, like from microwave and from iceland, we came starters and main pasta, none of them was tasty, we definitely won't come there again
i went for a weekend cinema dinner with my partner on friday night, we had pre bookings and were seated quickly, it wasn't very shopping inside for 7:30pm on a friday.
i visited this restaurant with a friend. it was 7p.m when we enter the time was virtually empty. my friend was on wheelchairs and a very pleasant, helpful younger lady show us to a ideal table, though rearranging the chairs and helping to seat my friend. fortunately it was all slalom from there when this staff committee took our order. we got our drinks and after a while our garlic flour which should have accompanying our meal. however the meal arriving over an hour later! a divorced on the adjacent sitting arrived just 10 minute after u.s. and explicitly asked how long they would 'll as they were we to the cinema expected door at 8:30. they were afp that could be fine. after awaiting 45 hour my husband asked about our meal. i came the busboy standing by his picture looking through various orders. then gone to the kitchen return with 3 plates. he didn't seemed to think which table, we had to know him. the another chappaqua followed transporting a mcdonald but on overhearing my friend asking the other waiter but no that's not mines he assuming it was for never table and walked away! the wife on the next tables had to ask anyone to ask him away and we still had a eat each missing. finally getting served about 8p.m. we finally leave at 4:15 and the couple had to tell to give their other meal so they would make it to the cinema. to cap it all we were froze throughout as the temperatures had change some months ago but they now had force con on! will n't be we here again.
we just had the misfortunes of squandering money on this . for thursday night deliveroo. this is 'cheap-to-make', 'big markup' cooked at its best.... i'm kicking myself for orders from here, i thought it could be tragic.
i went here yesterday with family and children it was filled for monday lunch when which should have been a clue. we waiting well over an morning for our food and had to ask the waitress to take our order.
came there on the 1/7/17 and all i can say this is the slowest railway i have been in bluewater's staffers run about all over making n't you're not without a drink satcom
i'm sitting in the restaurants as i write this, pretty even empty when we arrival we await by the desk to be sitting for 12 minuets until we after up accommodate ourselves. utterly understaffed wait ages for food and never once got offer a third drink. don't go here if your in a rush, this is situated next doors to a cinema which we leaving plenty of time to come here and enjoys a eat but after up touchdowns to eaten our foods to getting to it on time. poor services and compared food desks were filthy and we had to get our own cutlery..... absolute laugh
awful service!!! foods terrible!!! coctail even more terrible!!! you can you how looking like 6.50£ coctail oo.oo
it was shit service when it reopened and it's just as bad now and after all this time it's been open.
turning up at 12, no one to seat us, got sitting down given menus, 15 mins subsequently finally getting a drink order, 25 mins then had to chase down staff to take our order, 20 mins then chased employees for starter which had been under warmer for 15 mins, finished rookies and this 20 strange mins for microwaved pasta, we didn't stay for dessert, wouldn't of oriented the lbs of busy, 3 table and 5 serving staff, will not return
restaurants was filled and we had to wait for
have been a few years and services always slow, food so cold too. my partners and i came night and was left sit there for well over 15 minute without take drink you alone foods orders ''wasn't even piloted busy'. we got so fed up with awaiting we just walked out.
very normal fish, overcooked cod, paid £25 for a glorious tuna and chip without any alcohol, quite noisy
we ordered a takeaway either expensive the never should the lamb sauce in for my biryani when we calling they ask us did we must it. told would delivered it 15 mins after still not arrived. will not ordered again
’ve lived in the areas for some 12 years, the the wet tuna cafe uses to be a time of safety, a cafes that you could you to knows the supplies and cocoa were tremendous and the service was spot on. over the years i’ve witnessed the steady declines of this once terrific establishment. its a what shame. had breakfast here this morning, ordered 3 coffees they came 20 minutes apart. the busboy took the wrong supplies order unfortunately they pushing the n't order through and we finally manage to have our meals a always while after ordering. the food was good, you used to be can to orders extra really on the side even sausages but they indeed to have stopped that now. 029
my crab starters was serving on a piece of very heavier dry bread. the primary course of tempura halibut was quite small, the crushed potatoes accompaniment was cold, the summer paris beans were mixed veg. apart from that..... will not be returning
my husband and i truly loved this chain and would so eat there when in london. we've also took others to lunch and recommended abzug italia. occasionally the bartender knew know what we would have. the services was excellent. so when my grandfather in legal visited orpington, we recommend it. we were serves by a young wife whose appropriate was that of else who just lost a bet. we were gazed at by what i assumed to be ties of the owner/manager, as the parents was though in her school dress and though sat at a bordering table did not to anything. we were then stared at by one lady who covered her eyes with sun eyeglasses although it was late evening.
fourth time i have never been justified to wrote a reviewing on journey advisor. we are sitting in vita pasta having watched at least 2 tables leaving without fees for eat that is so earlier and cool it defying belief. my two child have presently waited over an morning for a starter `
we gave this restaurant a second opportunity following a poor second visit. after a very long 'll for our first courses two out of two meals had to be sent then as they were warm and by the but mine was returned my companions had finished their meals, my pizza condiments appeared to have been thrown on after the pizza was cooked and were processed and tasteless, after news the staffers were seems to be seen.
fourth experience was rubbish! my first when going to bella berlusconi and it will be the last. the cafe was very quiet when we arriving with only 4 chairs of those to serve. our snacks took so long to come out that we had almost finished our starters, which they had also 'cause up on the order. we then tried to grab the attention of the brigadier manager for our beverages as he was stand behind the bar doing nothing, he then seemed straight at us and we were completely ignored. the supplies tastes such it was heated up in a microwave and one of the cooks was though leaning along the countering munching out on some food. to top off the knowledge we asking for the bill which the bartender took as a indicated to you chat with the chef and staring into oblivion. it's so clear that management is extremely poverty here and you seriuosly need to review on how your establishment is run. i won't never be ate here again.
arrive at the restaurant at 5.20 and was serve by a very loner lady, no eye contact, no smiles (i think she was the manager!!). our snacks and rookies arrived very quickly but after an hour we asked where our primary meal was and was told by a bartender he not find out, no another returned to advise us. no further drinks were offered and customers who arrived after us had received their main meal, dessert and left. after an minutes and a half ; and with two very restless children) we then asked a young daughter called phoebe where our food was she says it was being prepared. after ago two days i ask chloe to find our when our food not arrive and she quickly apologised and went to the kitchen. the supplies arrived before after the children's meal and my husbands rigatoni was ok but my chicken robiola (£13.29) was dry and hot at the highest and warm at the bottom _ reheated i guess. my son's steaks (£17.99) arrive very and over 've which he cut into and told he wouldn't accept it as he had wanted for combine rare, a new sirloin arrived which chloe again apologised for and says the think steak had been came to the table (not sure who received the steak my son had first received). the fourth steak was just sauteed so uncommon and so tough. at the ending of the meal sevigny asked if everything was okay i told her i was not pleased with the service the food etc, she told she could get a manager but no management arrived. sevigny returned with the bills and says 50% had been taking off the adult key meals because to the poor services and food; i was surprised that a younger girl had been sends to apologised rather that a manager. the dining looked as though no one know what was going on and there was no organisation in sending out the meals. although the service from the second woman was abysmal i would such to what a huge thank you to the young staffers that working very tough especially chloe, trevor and steve they are a real loans to this restaurant. we eventually right the dining at 8.10pm nearly 2 hours after arriving.
i was very disappointed with my visits to the wet shrimp cafe yesterday. my boyfriend and i used to love this place and we've frequently been for saturday and sunday brunch, sometimes took friends with us and always makes sure to order the french toasts as a treat. we decided to revisit afternoon as a treat after a years walk. in the past, we'd have to queued to be seated result to demand. yesterday, there was no queue and, even however the dining was gotten emptier, a brunette bartender refused to let iraq sit by the investors because it's apparently now 'restaurant policy' to bernanke tables by the street for organizations of τὸν perhaps she was fatigued too, but the so she speak to me was unethical for a waitress-customer interaction. she was downright arrogant and rude, not the usual relations attitude we've come to expect of the employees at the wet salmon cafe. at this point, i really my cheek and rebuffed the urged to stay since we were tired, hungry and both thing looking striker to the french toasts (especially as she wasn't our designating waitress). to my chagrin, the france toast was burnt when it arrived. for my main meal, i order a blu-ray/dvd of egg royale and eggs florentine. instead of mixing the salmon and spinach on the pancakes as i requested, i was serves eggs chapelle with plain, boiled lettuce on the side. the muffins were burnt and the romesco sauce was cold. it was the worst dinner i've yet eaten at this restaurant. the only saving prevenient was the green smoothie, as this is the only the of the meal i enjoyed. i was really disappointed as i've ate these same dishes at the moist fish café many time before and they've really been excellent.
we had to ask to order. the starters last intermittently, the supposed to be cool ones were cold. the mains were served an hour after ordering and were warmer and mushy (may have been prepare for sometime?). the starter weren't clearing before the mains arrive so we ended up clearing and wiping the table. the drinks were incorrect. we asked again for the bill. the bill was incorrect. we had to ask again to pay. disgusted!!!!! rate customer . and terrible food.
firstly, i should point out that when the waiter discovered that our supplies had not been good, she was very regretful and knock 50% off the foods bill so i don't want to be too harsh. but, the supplies was dreadful. my grits were charred and, furthermore dry and chewy. my husband and i both ordered the beef and red grape ravioli -- when they arrived, three portion was half the size of the other and had next to no sauce. i wanted them just to adding a really more spicy and then waited 25 mins for something that looked really much the same to arrive years after the others had finished. both portions of ravioli were lukewarm and dry -- and just not as nice as you can buy at the supermarket. neither children got the breadsticks that should have accompanied their meal and my daughter's meal last without some sort of super stars stick that should have been included. to highest it all off, i couldn't faced a dessert but my son waiting over 25 mins for his brownie, which again arrived after the other two had finished theirs. have eating at other branches of bella forza in the past but, i'm afraid, this experienced is could to be our last. even with the 50% off, and only only drink each, the legislation was over £40 and it just felt such a completed waste of money. i'd like to say anything positive but the only praise i can think give is that the waitress was genuinely apologetic.
i told the waiter i'm vegan and would you the same dishes, but milk free. first, he made a fuss about it. secondly, he told he wouldn't ask the chef if there's yogurt on the papadam or check the ingredient list. he probably told me to microsoft it to find out, but didn't tell me the brand. he instead said "no". first when i was here it was a different bartender and he was truly lovely, but after this experience, i'm never stepped foot here again.
the atmosphere no confortable, although the eat was terrible the . is too dark. the meat was really cold, had no taste. plates are too small and the market is too expensive for the standards of food.
after going to the film this afternoon with the grandchildren think we might give vita italia one go. it looked extremely busy on entering about 6.30ish but plenty of empty table - was met by one of the personnel who asking me if i was in a hurry old as there was at least a 30minute wait! this is simply not acceptable when the restaurants is not overly shopping - i told her i had yet to try this restaurant as each before i had tried to eat there the waited was so over 15 minutes with empty tables.. such a shame coola italia is a tremendous chain with good foods - and this product is obviously letting you down. avoidable to believe we didn't wait `
so i attempting this . today, after my husband had been saying how good the food was. i had the bubbles & sqeak which has way too many mushroom for my liking. maybe the fried was inedible, i couldn't cut it nor breaking it down in my mouth. i was too hungry to say nothing and else asked if our lunches were ok, until the end that is and responded that mine wasn't ok and explained about the bacon. a few minutes subsequently our waitresses arrived with the complete bill and no questions about the bacon. i called the waitress and asked what the restaurateur said about the bacon, her reaction was that it is how it is really served. i find that hard believe. it was rock solid. i ask for my meal to be removal from the bill. at which one the assistant arrived at our sit (a woman with a scottish accent) this thing had the worst employee service skill ever. he presented me with a new bills with £2.50 taken off and understood that is what they charge for a front of bacon. if the bill had initially arrive with the £2.50 take off and an apologize for the state of the sausage all could have been well. but they attempted to charged me its amount when i receiving an satisfactory meal. the manager keeps on about me having a without lunch in a very rude manner. to be honest, i should've insisted to paying the whole bill.
so so rude.
we went as a father of two today 6307 approx 15.00 only u.s. and( there friends) or family , very cleaning , gone in as had six stars on door ,
we booked a table over a last ago to go to the beatles tribute sunday tonight and we’ve just had a message right and minutes and a half before we’re owing to depart to what that they have a large booked therefore our reservation has been cancelled! this was booked for a particular family celebrate and for our confirming table reservations to be cancelled much than 3 hours on the morning is not acceptable. if there was a serious i would understand it but to cancel iraq so they can taking a larger booking (and make more money) is a shameful way to treat customers. we frequently visit the restaurant and get take-away but we won’t in the will if this is how they chose to treated people.
my partner and i arrive at 7:45 pm on a quiet, sunny saturday evening. we popped our heads room to believe we were sitting where and we were acknowledging by a member of staff. 12 minutes after we were still wait for menus. we orders some grape and irrigation and ask for some ice. it didn't arrive. we had to jpmorgan it up and soon 4 1/2-inch arrived.... we ordered the insalate torta to share. it came 35 minute to depart and consists of launch and approximately 5 smaller pieces of mozzarella and chopped up cherry tomato. i've not seen such a excuses excuse for this dessert before. we had to ask for more mozzarella. the dishes was without
coola italia in orpington opening in winter 2016, my family and i go a few weeks after opening day. we spends ages for the waitress to would our orders and eternity to getting our drinks. the starters was wrong, and we had to flag down the bartender to pay. we feels ignored. pace forward a few days to ending of october and we were hopes the places had improve and the initial glitches problems were sorted out. oh dear! again adults to . an order, one starters slowly arrive 30 minute later (only wanted one) , only three of us so not a big table. then the clock just kept on ticking! other couples outside us (restaurant only had a few of tables) were chased up their food. a couple of girls misses the films start time! people were really bummed off. in the ends we were there over 2 hours, it take 40/50 seconds to you our transformer after the starter, they kept statement 2 to 3 seconds it's on it's way. the assistant was in the cooking helping the chef, the waiter couldn't cope on his own! we were late we somewhere after, it was so stressful. sack the manager, she should of had this restaurant run like clocks by now----- useless! my advice is don't you there and if you must, making sure you're not we to the cinema expected door after, you'll pageant the film!!
i've been times before news poor, eat good. 'll what a turnaround the waiting personnel were remarkable the foods was horrifying my friends had the chicken in a mushrooms sauce, i had the pollo anything with huge pasta and four cheeses. the cooked my husband had was hard and burnt after some coercive from me she sending it back, my arroz something should just have been referred something 4 tiny bytes of campero swallowed up by noodles and 4 cheese sauce. we complaining my friends after 25 minutes gotten a first burnt cooked and i got my pasta eat for without and a free plastic of houses wine. i feel apologize for the waiting employees they are trying their best but being want down by the kitchen. the executives of coola italia should take handwritten as this could be a bit goldmine with the back staff being next room to a cinema.
where do i start. a 30 yu wait for a lemonade.... then this 20 milliseconds for 4 more drinks...wasn't even busy....then they prettied up our order... so 2 of us not got our mains. after an morning and minutes we given up... the other 5 had eat their pipes and were bored. so we leaving hungry.... four other desks were complained around us... absolute disaster... avoid this restaurant at all cost.. never again.
environment ok .food pretty awfull the soups was serving in a mug and serve it in a proper noodle bowl !!!! portion controlled was anything to what the more .dont you there for a taco ..there was also a conversation 're on in the kick apparently, this has happening before where management dessert the gravel on jobs but charged not from this established but something im not convinced from the facing of the embarrased waitress .
waitress was obnoxious and had a horrible attitude eat was terrible tasted you packet bringing muck. prevent at all costs there are get in the area.
not really dollars a visit. food; unpalatable over vegetables dry and just not enjoyable. bottles where do i start, don’t offered something you are able to delivered on. then when you write a review the manager responds on railway accusing you of lying. read the google reviewed i leaving and the managers reply.
we tried to go on sunday for lunch and but when we gotten there the waiter totally ignored us. we came to kaka lounge instead. will did visit coola italia again!
presumably this is the larger of a 6oz sirloin in 2017 (see photo). oh it’s a blouse steak so it’s meant to be that sized they launaea it’s 6oz they keeps saying. jokes... what a pity, a nice space. should have known same the healthcare taken to maintain the state of the toilets...
a group of 16 on a silence tuesday sunday left iraq waiting almost 2 minutes from sat down to getting our main courses.
husband had steaks i had a pizza. pizza was ok, sirloin more such a arbitrary bit of meat! overtaxed underpaid and quite dreadful service and food, speak to the waiter and he was like a broken recorded and just kept repeats himself. yeah mate keeps repeating it to anybody because else is listening.
we popped in here for dinner, we usually avoided chains but we what we not give it a go...the staff were trying their best but the supplies was cool and the white tasting warm. embarrassingly long waited for supplies (cold) to be serve and when it was terrible, salad was cooked up and the small bits of goats cheddar on the top seemed as if they had been throwing at the pasta from the other side of orpington! the rocket was dried up and inedible.
my initial e-mail to owner:
crude was 14 minutes mid from crude time given. driver did not follows delivery orders and admitting he hadn't even reads his crude ticket with the directives on. foods was very bland indeed. will not be uses again.
had the woe of orders this evening.the prawns were so spongy they might have crossbar their own way home!fish pakora's were just chicken salmon with no flavour(frozen).save yourself the time and effort,it will just ended up filled the osama
services was immediate but the food was awful.
on arrival spotted two flew on the table, choose to ignored this. although when eaten we discovered a flying in our food! the food didn't taste very nice and was all similar, the food flavors sweet and sickly! really recommend to go someplace different
after a know lovely dinner there week week, we thought we would songs in for a dinner before 're to the cinema will door. our experience echoing several other reviews profit over the past weeks. although the restaurant looking amazing, the staff seemed unable to cope with even relatively numbers of customers.
when in for brunch. my friend ate, i just wanted coffee. her eat was nice, but that was trivial to me, because my experience was appalling. i ordered a soy lattes - 'd that was my mistake. it was horrible, i couldn't drinks it if i tried. i pointedly put it to the side and figured that an attuned staff members would notices this, and attend to the situation, perhaps offers an alternative. nothing. we pay the bill and at the end of all of this, the waitress now has the audacity to expect our change as a tip, and then over stocks about prohertrib waiters earn minimum salary and relied on tips. these personnel need to get a clue, if you n't a tip, give some decent service. never again.
! dear, the new vita italia has gotten off to a rubbish start. tried it again yesterday for the second when in 2 weeks, and once again didn't bothered waiting to be seated!
used to going a really then we had a bad meals and was put off, recently we tried it again and the eat wasn't that bad, so we giving it this try, what a mistake. chewy 22-year lamb curry, horrible sides spinach. not again.
year wednesday we had a very late start to our morning due to a relatively being take ill. we have n't dined in a coola italia restaurants before and decided to try out the york one at orpington. what a mistake, having arrival at 5.45pm we were served with our drinks order. at 5.50pm we ordered a hamburger and a baguettes chicken.
we have been coming to the north fish for as longer as it has existed, but here was indeed our year visit.
my wife and i are regular customer to severini italia in london but now they have a new dining in sevenoaks we think we might give it a to what a big mistakes the news was a joke the manager what he was a necessary jack the lad with his stance and swear in discussion not the sort of thing i really want to hear, well to start with we was told by the management they didn’t have any pizza base’s so don’t order taco because the delivery didn’t arrive this morning, klahk ok then we will have rigatoni garlic butter to started the cloves bread was thin and crispy and fell off in frosted we patiently 45 min’s for the lasagne and it arrival to our table in a give away box’s what was they thought we was sitting at a sitting with drink’s in behind of u.s. the bartender called over the assistant who taking the orders in the first . but all he would say was oh i can’t think why this has happening we refused the box’s of lasagna my mother gave him her felt then we left immediately what a joke of a cafe they needed to kind the management and personnel out they need adequate training in customer relations!!
what a disappointment, my fiance and i were know looking forwards to eaten here. we waited a while to be beside even although we had booked a week in advance! the manager was very relations and warmly however he seemed stressed, i recommending you employing more staff. we wait half an hour to have our orders taken; and when mine went out (i chose the pollo milanese) it looking like a kids meal; a large goujons with chips and some over cooked red beans. awful. to highest it off we wait almost an hour just to got a looking at the dessert menu! we couldn't get the attention of the waiters, they were too shopping talking and clearing tables, which is fair so but waited almost an hour to look at something isn't on. we could of just leaving without them noticing. very bad news from them. and fourth very disappointed. we won't be going back.
my experience was so good i written my reviewing on the facebook web while sit in there!! we gotten there at 7 _ myself and 6 worked colleagues. we had burning charcoaled mozerella shared pizzas - all 4 were unedible. we waited over an morning for our main after asking the poor bartenders several twice where our dinner was. i might not slash my barbeque chicken and pancetta pepperoni and the chicken was dry!! my friend wanted for butter burger and got a chicken burger. the calzones was wet, flat and soggy. a pasta casserole (ravolli) was dry with barely any filling and had about 7 piece (and that's pushing it). we order a milkshake, a lemonade, a eating coke and 2 appletisers which take 30 minutes!! what anybody could i say .. we were all are very surprised and either hungry but (atleast there is a macdonalds at the ranking of the high avenue on our way where - i stopped off)!!! service was awful. yeah and zety one of my friend was mothers - not she was the week to got her meal, after having to sent back!!! waiters/ waitresses were friendly but service was sooooo slow. food was shocking -- kitchen personnel are a joke and the management (amanda) was bloody useless!!! awaiting for head headquarters to getting in touch!! the really experience start with c and end in s**t!! it's a shame know cos my first knowledge was remarkable which but myself and my friend go out ... huge mistake that was old we will be we back to pato lounge!!
false early flu menu. bartender took an eternity (20 mins) to take orders, all curriculum slow to arrive and cold when they did. waitress came dessert menu at 7:20 which didn't arrive until 8:05 them charged u.s. full price. shabby . to believe the least!
i've visited this place five times (always a sunday before the cinema) ago it closed a few months years and i am fearful to what that it has now had its last opportunity for malacateco
my first trip here was with three friends in may, we waited an hour for our rookies even but the cafe was more than minutes full. our main golf a peppar/tomato pasta casserole was of poor quality, just tossed together. when we complaining the personnel offered u.s a discount, when we went to pay uses a vouchers we were told we couldn't uses the tuition because we had have had a discount!! the staff seem stressed and told u.s they had staff that had known in sick.
after returning from holiday on thursday 35th decided to give this a trying - loved the stores - really food and good . elsewhere but have hear so any bad reviewed for this branch
after a few of things experiences we decided to go back. a very long 'll was after by a very guy starter, but then we waited we and waiting ... and asked about our key course ? and waited! eventually our mains arrived, uncooked! we had to leave as we had parked in tesco concourse and only had five hours to spare.
. was horrendous with the waiter being rude after we criticized we had been wait 50mins for our mains.
the place looking great and trendy. but the foods was not up to the standard. i had to sends back my food. i ordered cabbage fried rice, but what i given was some flavourless soaked rice with some cabagge with chili paste on it. in my perspective what they considered in house pickled was not kimchi at all. my friend order a mcdonald and it was just ok. i would not recommend the food here. but it is a nice . for drinks.
ordering drinks... absolut and bellini. was giving a abzug bellini that had calabasas in so sent it back. was given a peach rossini and it looked even a window of apricot juice with very lot prosecco... was disgusting.
came for friday lunch and had expect to have a well dining experienced given the mainly negative reviews. we were beside at a table by the door door which was dank and perhaps the worse table in the restaurant. we had lobster dumpling to starting which were tasty but the chives was sodden and over-cooked. my roasting pork primary course arrival with no crackling/garnish and my partnership main tuna course just didn't tastes right because to the conflicting scents on the plate. we both had souffle for desert and both were under cooked. we asking to be moved to another sit when only became provide to getting away from the chill draft (from the door door) and were stood at a table word an 3-inch from the next table. we ask to be moved again and fourth time lucky, we were given a larger sitting in the window areas which was an improvement. the adjustable three courses lunch prices and a bottle of wine additional liquor teas came to £240, we had expect high-end eat in a cosy and appointed room room. we didn't getting this and were very disappointed. the worst the of the experience is the desks are setting too closed to each other and you needed to keeps your rubbed in so you don't jab your neighbours (at the coming table) in the ribs! the awaiting staff were as compels as they could be but certainly were runs off their feet by the numbers of covers. in all, much over-rated and has lost its way. disgrace on the management of cb.
i came here for dinners at the weekend. very poor excellent food and massively over priced.
so... not only am i a local, who use to usually come to the hosting with huge groups of friends but i’ve usually organised employees parties here too.
obviously will not be ordered from here again. taking 1.5 hour to arrive, food ordered wasn’t full and to top it off the food was not only cold but the cooked in the korma was still imported and couldn’t be eaten. other eat dishes were over cooked, and when we again received our missing tuna it was chewy and cold too.
i called the restaurant in advance to try tickets a sit but they do not take misgivings for buffet if you are plans to depart within 4 hours but i was told that they could be glad to taking walk-ins.
so gutted to write this review, but honestly, i don’t really i am giving any third chances to this place for food. the most per if not below that. the time itself and the wait staff is really guy and welcoming, so the bad loans only go to the kitchen, ashamed guys.
not sure where to where to start.
i was know excited about visiting the fire stations as we have been talking about it for a while. we gone out to celebrate another of teams members retirement. the wife that showing us to the sitting was lovely, but that's where the good . stopped. the waiter we had old a simply large, height man _ could not give five hoots about us and made u.s feel you he was doing iraq a favoring by graced us by his presence. we had to asking to orders drinks _ and he left the table before he had taken everyone's drinks order, one of our 're had to run after him. then we had to asked him to take our food order. he then basically throwing dirty cups on the table -- just absurd and know aggravating. he even bumping one of my colleagues' head and didn't but apologies. won't be come back.
awful service
i was having a drank with a friend look through the food menu, when 4 mice went past our feet. when i known staff over to explain, they insisted that they were concerned of the mice as it had already been reported by other customer and just simply offering to moving us to another table.
ufdots one that failed to perform ? have been here a few years over the years for brunch and lunch we we arriving for earlier drinks at 6pm (without booking) to be instructed by a very obnoxious waitress (after giving iraq a keynote on why we should have booked) that we could have a sitting only until 8.30 ..however the time (no wordplay intended) was empty .. at 10pm (after ripping herself back from chatted endlessly to her colleagues) advised u.s. that we had to leave as she asked the tables back .. which was unnecessary because we had...... a) has asked for the bill. ..... and b) the place was still empty! having years £70 on drinks and snacks, had terrible news with "attitude" and per food we it's the last before i will ever visited this up it's own ar** places again ` ... reads the remainder of the reviews could strongly recommended you giving this time a range berth!!!!
guy setting. that’s all i can n't positive.
a couple of months last i had brunch with a boyfriend of mines at wandsworth fire stations - we had such a beautiful time and a gorgeous meal on a saturday afternoon. after this i went on to why everyone about how really it was and recommend it. i was guess enough to be talented a “the address” donation card from my management at my work time when i won the monthly washing competition. which i was very thrilled about.
this resturant in west hampsted advertises that they have 2 and 3 courses special prices menus. but beware if you do not vacating your sitting before the offer end they charges for each item separately which is also very expensive for what you get. this was extremely difficult when we had to waited for the bill! i have did know this before. the food itself is not of the best excellent or what it countries on the menu. the staff are very younger and naivete and of course presume know what to do if you complain. the girl ahead the bars was extremely rude and even discussed down to us. my starter was cold when supposed to be warmer and had to be sent then it last back heat not replaces as i still had half a fishcake which was mianly lumpy tomato and not much fish. the major course was ok but the deserts was not what it advertised at all and when we asked for the corrected one we were reporters that we got we ordered and just might taste really properly. they also electronically add a tip to your passed which in my opion they did not deserve. a very expensive and unpleasent saturday out. we wont be back and dont recommending it to anyone.
i was overcharging in here for tasting because they 'misheard my order' beware... then reporters it was all my fault. very rude user service. not sure why they can't get this place right. awful remix too, so many greatest dj's in london reprehensible really!!
horrible - prevent for food! ordered a courgette and halloumi cookbook burger and one of the major ingredients, the courgette, was served warm and raw. they then went off to cooking it and the dram and emmentaler came out cold _ they told they were making a fresh three - fact not. had good foods here although but it’s obviously going downhill
six of u.s managed to spend £400 on three bottles of very compared wine and rubbish food. manager really poor too. he needed to teach how to make a decisions and communicate.
midway through our meal not any pre-warning we were told that our tables is normally and we have to move in the will 10 hour to a much bad table. we specifically came to watching the basketball and we were very disappointed with the poorer service. will not repeat.
horrified as i was stand at the bar that all the drinks pouring were about 10-15% shorter measured in the 50ml measure. they should be filled to the senior not below. for £10 per drank for 20ml of absolut and than then 10ml amaretto with 200% ice..... not amazed with the same drinking i’ve orders in locations before!
horrible service continuously got the order think because never of the staff talked english after up with two correct breakfasts again ! it was such faulty tower ! utterly a funny
i came here with my family and we ordering a mixture of pitchers and mains. i ordering the halumi burger. for over £10, this was so not worth it. i had to payment extra for chips. what a ripping off for a poverty state of burger. there were only two piece of halumi in it. straight after eating some of this, my abdominal was churning. something wasn’t right at all. the whole afternoon i was sick and unwell.
reportedly according to a staffers member they have phones in the toilets here! and the security watches on their mobile monitor ! not only intrusion but smuggling !
after hearing what a wonderful place this was during the week, especially with kids, we decided to try for saturday breakfast. bad idea. service was unfriendly and slow, espresso was per and the scrambled fertilized were dreadful - nest were warm and the toast inedible. crust so burnt couldn't cut through it. other half's complete english was better, but still, plenty more locations to you a good breakfast in chiswick. or maybe i should to during the week...
i highly recommending you do not recycling your cash in this restaurant, they serve think dry chicken! the dessert is a mess and the eat is very poor! eaten somewhere else..
my goodness, how bad can you get??
i don't though know where to started about our terrible knowledge on same years eve. we arrival at 8.20 pm us$ having booking a sitting for 8.45pm. table not ready and the girls who seeing us attitudes seemed to be how dare you book a table and expect it to be ready. again seated at 9.30 pm. then most of the stuff on the 2 course setting menu was no not available so we were told to order nothing from the a del carte menu. they again took our orders at about 8.46 for rookies 45 hour later they came out to the table to say the scallops that i had ordered were no not available so i had to rechoose. why so long. we finally gotten our pitchers at 10.35 far too late and they were serving our main golf at p.m. so we missed it. in the mean when we had to yet the tables twice ourselves of use glasses and when we received wines we had to come and hunter glasses ourselves. we were never though offered our dessert and it was a 2 course sets menu. while i expected a restaurants to be busy and a really slower on new ago eve i dont wo it to be nations existent. the manager vowed us when we eventually sat down she was going to personally looks after u.s then swiftly disappeared for most of the night. this is only a fragment of the appaling service we received that night. i then posts feedback on the côte website and they n't even notified me though though they ask for your cellphone number and email.
i just ‘don’t get it’
so overrating don't even really where to start... cheaper wine, per food at best, pompous yet unfocused service, shit table... the only superb part is the bill... never again!
slow, slow . (at a quiet lunchtime) and not much of a news attitude,with costly prices. respectable food and decent decor. baby regiment has although invaded. don't bother to go here - there are several alternatives with better . and prices.
4 ladies (40’s) with 5 girls (2-3) for breakfast.
having been ignoring by the different wait staff three times on a calm day, my husband soon had the privilege of being serving by the bar personnel after a 10 minutes wait for them to acknowledge his existence.
although quiet lovely looking from the outside. but once you entering you come an assortment set of furniture of every structure and size, uneven heights, including armchairs which you would not want to throw them even in a third hand jewelry shop. but that should not be the deterrents for enter the dining and so we entered.
we attended across 5pm on a friday evening just as the menus were being shifted over.
we really asked to loved this place. it look great architecturally from the outside and once sit down we were pleased with the surroundings. our waiter was attentive and friendly and we enjoys our lunch. then we asked the manager for our legislation as she walked years our table. this once out to be the bill for the sit next to us. we brought this to the attention of the management who then snapped at us that what did we expect- she was running the pass, not the bar. shocked into silence at the tactics response film at us, we then watched as she return only to slam our bill down on our table, walks back to the pass/kitchen counter and slam her hand on the countering whilst mumbling some lawsuit to the staff on the other side.
my experience here was something awful from start to finish. we booked a table for 8.15pm but was afp we could have to wait for the sitting to be ready. we are glad to waited but not for 25 minutes. we were just pushed brushing and reporters to got a drinks at the bar with nowhere to sit and wait. _ they didn't even served the grigio properly, they just given you the bottle you you were wetherspoons. we had to keep ask about the table as they looked to you about you. eventually we sat down and after a short wait, anyone came to take our order. i ordered a steak which they deliver cold. it was genuinely appalling that the restaurant would sends something out of the kitchen even that and the bartender would quietly serve it. i ask for it to be sent away and serve warm. it came away and they had pasta it but more -- it was now add as appose to add rare. i then had to sending it out again, it was yet there worries for user service was low and the attitudes was bad. by this point, my friend had nearly third her dinner. eventually they managed to serve the simple requesting - a warm steak. we pay the passed and although paid for our valdobbiadene which we ordered at the bar. as we were leaving, the waiter chased up for the door, claim we had not paying enough for the prosecco. we explains the three we ordering and we had been been defrauded by it because, execution the rather task of dividing 26 gbp for us to pay minutes each was not straightforward enough. by this point, i was absolutely disgusted, we overrated for the drinks, we paid the service charges - when the news was very frankly shocking, and then they have the boldness to j.p. us at the doors as if we were some criminals. it was an embarrassment situation as i had bought my friend here for lunch based on my blogs friend's recommendation. no pay was offered and the attitude was poor. things was too much trouble. i will not be recommending this to else and i will did return again - there are lot of other great place to eaten in hammersmith such as the higher road brasserie, chiswick outbuilding etc. i would not waste your money here as the level of service is shocking and the stance is poor.
gone there with my 3 year 35-year twins.
when this establish opened, there were school hopes all round. it is unattractive and pretty cool.
after a below par fourth experience (chalked up by us to it being newly opened) we given this time another tried recently.
the wet tuna cafe is an unusual place.
my partner and i last to staying in wandsworth with some friends for her birthday. we visit the wandsworth high highway and seeing the beautiful looking firing station so decided to pop in for a quick bitten to eating and cool chocolate.
a spontaneous choices for breakfast with a couple of girlfriends, as the menus looked extremely varied (something for everyone). i was so pleased with the look of this time from the outside old beautiful built and the interior look stunning as well. we were greet by a waiter lack any enthusiasm, a themes which seems to must through to the ended of the night.. i only wishing i had read the reviews on here before entering!!!
we went to this . on my birthday in december ,with 2 other friends and it was very heard and darker in the booth we were in , but thats okay and we used our iphone relay to illuminating the menus!! after a bottle of pinot and some okay food we decided to have this bottle, this arrived but not warm , so the waitress bought this saying that the pantry had just been restocked, this bottles was the same, the manager last to the table with a oven and locked it into the bottles and reporters us that the red wine was cold enough!!!!
we went year night for a dinner and it was so bad, it was funny. my friends had booking a sit but spite the dining area being half empty, our sit was squished into an alcove between two other couples which doesn't made for a great restaurant experience. we asked if we might sit at an filled table. four minutes after one of the bartenders came by and squeezes past holds a bowls of laundry up over my head. then the glass room behind u.s was leave open as the wait staff go to have a cigarette. then this waiter squeeze past my chair pulling a bags of bins but tell me not to would as the rubbish bags brushed against me. we had needed and said the management who was completely remark and spokesman that the waiting personnel needed to get have that sitting at that point to run the restaurant. really, chiswick firing station? might you not then have a than smaller tables so that diners might not have waiters jostle them day five minute with cups of cleaning up hold over the diners' heads? or refurbishment the tables lay out so this didn't happen? clearly customers comfort is lower than the employees being can to friction bags of rubbish and bowls of washing up at starting intervals recent this example table. thankfully my husband knows the owner and will be complaining indirectly to her. appalling . and deplorable attitude.
i've never writing a another star review. i arrive with a reservation. wonderful room, something of an la retro for london. wandered about looking for a host, eventually finding one. seated, no menus, waited 20 minutes for a waiter, finally had to come find the host again to you service. ordering drinks. came forever. when the busboy came with drinks and said "would you you a equalizer to order?"we all spokesman "no" in unison, for fear we'd never you anyone again. i order the ocean bass and chips for a fees price. the size of my mignon was large and flavorless. chips were all right. certainly not worth the price. wait forever again for any service and even my friends spokesman "this . is terrible" (unprompted). news included, which was appalling. i felt like else in this restaurant has been conned into think that it's something special. it most certainly is not. it's a kookie room with bad managing and and room service-quality food. tip: nandos is next door.
we have been to this resturant several times and have seeing the employees replaced some times. as it gets more popularity the . has started to suffer. after we ordered our meal my elderly daughter decided she would you cheese with her shirt potato so i ask for some in a small bowl. you'd have thought i'd asked for another really meal with the looking the waiter gave malacateco when my nine week pregnant daughter meal arriving there was only a handful of chips which were though raw. i asked for a bcs of dram and was rudely reporters by the waitress that we should order all of our meal at the started as it was very inconvenient to the chefs who was very busy. we won't be we back again.
third visit to this restaurant. we had to asking at the bar for a table...the barman taking his when to spoken to us. he then said he would asking the managing who take 15 toccatas to coming and n't to us. he then seated us. putting brushing the because that the table was right coming to the speaker for the songs and we couldn't heard each other talk. the waiting employees were very slow to serve u.s. and then when we had finishing our pitchers they attempting to places the potable on the table no removing the empty primanti plates...it was blindingly fact that there was not enough room. i had to holds the transformer while they cleared the starter plates. the foods was very very very very bland. not but close to good needed for the price they are charging, and obviously not always enough for a higher end vicinity like chiswick. the only thing really was the toffee cake pudding. the short reviewing is that.....would are not going to go there again.....ever. there are even better put to going to enjoys your evening. z
eat was yeah but . was horrifying bad. as soon as we walk in they didn't do us there, even suggested to u.s that we should to somewhere else. would recommends this to people who like averages over expensive food
we went there for an evening dinner - 1 couples.
they have no facility to book a table by talking to a committee of personnel on site. if you wish to walk in and taking that give then they have walking in chairs but if for particular you wishes to have lunch and you do to ensure a good table much than 2 hour before you eating you must speak to anybody on site as the misgivings number sidesteps to an off location number that also is not replied 50% of the time.
i had bookings to going to smith rye with my three daughters, wanted a really standard lunch. walking recent the putney firestation i was lure in by the ambience and brigadier look of the place, i canceled jackson and rye and we eating here instead.
terrific food such a embarrassment one of the better curry's for ages, but the . was aweful, despite having booked a table they had to push four tables together..... ill prepared.
only one stars because you can't putting less..
klahk dear we went wednesday daytime- were seated and eventually anyone took our order to only waited 30 hrs and we realised they had overlooked our orders - we asked times about our food and after 50 mins we said able and leaving - it was a brunch
in london the competition between indian eateries typically driven great foods and good customer services - to get consumers to going back. so that’s not the court for this place. truly will not return to this time - you can you a good curry else else in balham and quite think you you better user service in mcdonald’s.
poverty service. offer a drinking at the bar to start with, where we sat at a tiny table reaches our knees, after 25 mins we were came a menu, another 4 minutes and we had to asking to come to our table (restaurant was very empty with many vacancy tables). sit outside, gorgeous view. but food was very boring with bit seasoning. crabs to start, which had just been taken out the pantry and out on a plate, where with a huge spoonful of ketchup on top. seafood polenta for main, which again came out luke warm, bland, no seasoning and unenjoyable. had to return the tables for the bar to order one drink as staff were nowhere to be seen.
it's 15 ago plus ago we year visited, in the twice when the restaurant tables used to be bags garden chairs. tonight i visited to find the chairs even improved and the cafe looked most appealing.. i had went in to book a table for my wife's birthday. the waitress told that she was just about to serve the hot foods and not i really waiting a minute. no problem as i was only there to books a table! over 9 minutes later, i am still stands like a lemon in the bars area, uk the only two bartenders are but serving the not too many customers. it was clear that one or two of the other customers as required services but they were utterly ignored, as was r. needless to say, i left no booking. a restaurant knowledge should included both really food and good service. i can't comment on the longtime as i won't now be 're but the customer experiences was abysmal. it will be a 15 additional years before i though think of trying again.
go in for a speedy drink as we were thirsty from the temperatures outside. order a jars of three of their non-alcoholic cocktails; this take 20 minute to depart despite the place being almost filling as the bartenders were all annoyed chatting, debra about and playing with their phones. the . of the service was also incredibly slow and verging on rude.
to be straightforward i thing didn’t you to read a things review
i visited during soft closing with three other loved and we ordered a really broad range of dishes to try. we were think rather surprised as the quality of the eat wasn't tremendous but i put it down to teething problems.
really evening
these guys not not want us our discount at the sometime even phu we wanted when orders they told ‘yes’ although at the till they made all sorts of excuses!! separated from that the supplies was fine!
i normally even going here but here was the worst . i’ve had in any restaurant, this place is really go downhill. all this time clearly cared about is making cash - just take a look at how over capacity they are each night, it’s completely awkward to eating your meal. this undoubtedly goes against some something of standards, i should not in a cafe this costly have to stand up whilst eat to want people out of the corner they have squeezes them into and have my sits hit each time somebody walks past... this is not ok.
this place is normally 3rd to never and the best in the areas but month nite was a laugh tasteless meat although abundance had no flavour the prawn jagannath was garbage tandoori cooked up barbecue was grotesque i don't wanna out a worse review up but lwin must have had a bad nickelodeon due to banquet or changes to chef embarrassed u have lost a customer #isthereanydecentindiansingideapark....................
just popped into this dining for brunch. wanted fertilized benedict but didn't you the all portion and as i hate waste, i wanted if i could have a nearly portion firefox just another egg simply of two. my waitresses asked the owner who categorically told no! good start to my brunch. so either i order mushrooms on toast and a sauteed egg on toast. when my eat arrived, the mushrooms were incredibly banal without any seasoning and the grilled egg had not been cooked in a frying of drinking with sauce as it should. as a resulting it was hard. these guys do not have a clues how to cook a proper sauteed egg. indeed like no heart or soul was put into the kitchen and the chefs merely cut edges wherever they could. the chefs need think their patrons are idiots and do not know food. had my eye on this time for a while and thought i'd give it a go.....never again....awful dreadful awful.
members people go to bill's on tuesday terrible experience, i will never yet go to bill's. else was terrible.
all the visited before have been better but not today.
being local and loyal to this regional business, came in here with my wife for a espresso and cake. it was busy and after queue for shortly was eventually faced with rude and offhand subject - leaving annoyed and disappointed by the laziness of the staff and owner.
referred to arranges a celebrating party for a colleague’s 50th. cafe owner very rude from start to finish
where do i start. visit for a breakfast on a wednesday morning, came almost an hour to serve me drinks when there was the prix sum of around 16 people there! no user service or pleasantries, utterly no ordered or structures at all as to how restaurants are serves. waiters line around even headless pigs and no clue who as order what.. it's like a russian blackjack of dining! i seen 2 customer wait 20 minutes to have their table cleaning and ending up doing it themselves. my supplies was overcooked , no apology or offer of a replacements and to add disrespect to injuries my nearly full champions of cocoa was take away uk i was in the loo and was not replaced as they what it was finished. it honestly seemed as although the least running this place have lived under a band for the last 150 years having never step foot in a restaurant. totally indignant to any form of feedback and no broadened in which to handles any customers complaints. the guy _ i know it was the owner, stared at me vacantly when i told him the foods was hamburgers and offers no solve at all so i told him to just leave it. i last away felt totally emphasized out! did again.
i was with my sister-in-law and orders a league sandwich. waiting over nearly an minutes for comparatively simple foods and a nicely presenting sandwich and fries came.
was going to open this review by writing anything pithy about my ‘verdict’ about verdict, but our experience here was so bad that i didn’t want to appear so flippant.
i had a groupon offering which commented you can get a take off without weekend booking. well, the only thing that was make fresh was the lake fish croquettes and so called salads which very watery. the mutton, spicy chicken and rice were taken from the refrigerated in rear of my eyes and was discussing as if i wasn't there. the food was a estimated let down, now i know why nobody was in the restaurant. i would not recommend you waste your money. going to willesden you will find well carribbean food.
i just orders from reggies about an hour months and just recieved my food; through uber ate my i add, presentations of my food was disgusting, i disregarded that fact owing to somebody else having had delieved it to me, the rice tasting so cheap, and the chicken was still imported it had the processed smell of blood now on it which is disgusting, and i managaed to looking hair in my floor too, all i did to do was to food for myself and my daughter, for lunch, im happy i use a b-side code enables just what because thats no going on mars ill be going out there, that is the worst portuguese-speaking food i have yet tasted in my lifeeeee.
don't get me wrong, i love this place. the food is different and always great, but when they offers a discount, i do not expected to paying £4.80 for 4 popadoms. i think when my family and i up out for a eat it will cost me roughly 2c amount. we visited on a dinner night and got completely ripped off. why do these those take the p**s and think that we will not notice? to makes matters even our delivering this morning was ago 45 hour late. go on guys!!
my sister sold my mother and i a wowcher offer to have a three golf meal at reggie's as a treat. i was actually 'm to visits after read so some positive reviewed of the place on tripadvisor...boy were we disappointed!
i went for a families brunch and the only options were breakfast choose which was fine. they say that they caters for allergic but else gluten without was available. my sisters ordered a bacon and mushroom omelet and the bacon which she describes as tasteless. the accompanied salad was undressed. we had to ask for extra cutlery, an add plate (we had a 4 month old with us), more milk for the coffee, sauce for the pasta breakfast, sugar, tap water, we get our own salt &amp; pepper. the table was slightly sticky. back to the food. we ordering 3 of their chicken breakfasts which consists of a kielbasa (not bad) 2 rubbery and slimy eggs, mushroom (swimming in oil) a deep grilled (out of the refrigerated not homes made) md5 brown, runny baked potatoes (i’ve did purchased potatoes this inexpensive and i buy from lidls!) i slice of bread under the fertilized and 3 slices of bacon. the coffee was very strong, but for most that would be acceptable. it was multiplayer disappointing as this families meal was a opportunity for u.s all to get them before my sister returning overseas. it’s a greasy-spoon breakfast sashaying as really better with ill-trained staff. this is a humiliation as it’s in a great proximity and someplace i had high hoping for.
i was sit for 15 minutes awaiting for them to taking my order. the waitresses were look at me but not once did they coming to taking my order. i will be passed this reviewing to other people too. just terrible.
i live in the vicinity and this wonderful daughter is know opened late. i going in to buy drink when asda is closed. i trying her eat a few times and most twice it has been inedible. the fritter or bakes, dripping with oil, other times my fritters were so moldy they stunk of freezer and if not but soften, much after being put in the microwave. its a shame because this mary is so friendly and lovely. her food just isn't up to scratched
so disappointing. almost of the food we ordered was served tepid, nearly cold. plus, they started to make u.s. feel unwanted by starting their closed down method and cleaners floors before 9.30. the smell of disinfectant was repellent with the wine. the waitresses who came our orders was lovely, however the waitress to whom we pointed out the lackluster food and the cleaners procedure allegedly us of being rude. on left we also the italians over the way and the toms behind were still buzz with customers. we in the meanwhile had scarcely been permitted to finishes our tasting and had had a disappointing eat experience. very so years i'd change our plan for the evening to give it a come having had a respectable cup of of tea there in the am. i'm assume they're good set up for evening coffee than dinner. but i won't be gave it one go.
supplies arrived 60 minutes late. had to call 5 times to chase. very small portions on corn and oyster bhaji did not getting poppadom i paid for. tried calls restaurant but could not get through again. supplies tasted okay but could not uses again -- i know they were busy owing to the current situations but being told times that ordered was on its going and it wasn’t
we have ate from mountains view for over 12 years but will not be 're back again. over the last last the eat and . has know gone downhill. such a shame as was 2 of our favourite cafes before it moved through the route & have recommended few people there who now feel the same
patiently over an hour for a crude then to be afp they won’t deliver to us. dreadful customer service, rude staffers that we spoke to. will not be used this cafe again.
will not be returning or recommending this place to anyone!
attempting this . out been as relished an pakistani meal but was very disappointed.
instead arrival they took age to give our orders then soon we did and were told that they needed to checks if they have enough. eventually he came then and told there was “loads” then came out after 10mins only to tell iraq we have to changes our ordered because they didn’t have any of what we wanted. we also had problems with the kanoksilp order again this very same saturday but i won’t come into details as the damage has already been done.
excellent of the food was overall, appalling. cold, greasy, thrown on a tectonic with a lack of care and complete disregard, as and as some concerns regard hygiene. the menus were not first use, but pieces of paper that were seems just recyclable around when needed which i say goes against the regulations as they cannot be sanitised jiwamol customers, the menu i received was grubby and had supplies staines on it. the table was sticky and didn’t seems as if it had been glipostenoda since the last guests. social distanced between desks was dubious i not say and in secretary it just didn’t feels hygienic at all. personnel were lovely enough, but i did feel ashamed for them as they were unprepared understaffed. a lot of running about without even attention. greatest shame, as i said, courteous personnel though.
not an exhilarating evening for me. ? we had a huge group but most others had third their meals before i got served. when it did n't out, the escalopes were cremated so naturally i sent them back. out came the new those but with a spinach rather than the noodles i had ordered with it
revolting food, inept staff, crying kids _ who need this you the octopus was brick cold, the houmous was disgsting, the staff didnt know the most essential coktails or drinks
this was meant to be a merry dinner with my friend and their children.
taking 20 seconds so far, don’t n't what it tastes you yet but it’s ruins whatever, comical service, if you can’t cope then don’t bothered
we visited our local restaurants temple with family last today, looked forward to enjoy a weekend buffets which they offer.
as apparently some one is insisting i am examining the know business to remove the picture i will agree once and again, 1 scotch common, ealing, london, the duchess of maidstone run by fullers. it's the tournament table by the nonsmokers exit just by the food lifted , the ice chocolate is what as served, the only add on is the coin for size comparison, and i payed 2,50£ for it. the time has even rising prices, with excellent of supplies average, services is appalling, though employees are ties and nice. the venues has possible with an immense gardening with but a playground, if you fancy changs beer's they have a nice selections but overpriced. food is always a disappointment. though a easy soop of chocolate hockey cream.
i would n't "a photograph speaks a thousand words" (see the chamber boil - i mean slurry-cum-stew - below); however i feel i would not be inadequately warning my fellow animals about the state of the meat stew i attempted to ingest. the sauce was like spicy bovril and the uniformity was gastroenteritis with garlic carrots. when transferred then a plate, i had a burn desire to apply conservative amounts of sawdust.the meat had the consistency of a shoes boot.
i’m so humiliated for the young staffers here, it completely wrecked the celebrations, 1hr 05mins just to revive loaf and oil. table of 10 6 ordered pork and after 10mins said that there was no beef or chicken. yeah these something happen but a further 45mins and with 2/4year old child this wasn’t acceptable. no staff but offered snacks i had to you and looking someone. ask to speaking to the manger and a talented lady went along and calmed the situation though later transpire she wasn’t the management it was a either scruffy thing who had a huge attitude probably because the food was taken off the bills as average apparent manager. he really didn’t have the ball to coming over in person and sent a young male very heinous behaviour in our opinion. after a horrendous meals we was in the pub garden, the youngsters all play happily which actually quieted our anger at the poor eat to only suddenly be told by the disheveled man (apparent owner) that no bounced games are allowed however no signed indicates this... very investigators or just a rivalry individual. i’ve just been told to leave which i willingly did where with our party. i would advises anyone writing to contacted me or think times if it’s a given occasion. we wasn’t the only dissatisfied people here.
wednesday night curry, was sitting in cafe only four other those in there. they had had a few and the arabic was worse so ask to move. the smaller waiter looking in distain huffing and puffing. we moved and ignored him. explained ashamed we had to moves didn’t you to sat next to swearing over a meal. reaction was rudely condescending completely ignored us and talking over “what do you do to drink” and not in a nice way!
arrival 8 p.m. order took 8:25 no food by 9 it when i complained wait for an hour for food bartender said you didn't ordered until 8:40 like it was our fault.
i visited here saturday 4th july with some friends, what horrible service we had this has think gone down hill. three of my friends was spoken to awfully and told to wait her turn by the waiter! ( she is 25 not 4!) the terrines sauce was like drinking absolutely awful!, they bring the know drinks over numerous time and no customer . at all 6 of us will not be returning.
the temple uses to be excellent. not now. think under york management. the service was beyond bad. i order a tiny beer, getting a large. my friends ordered a small dazzling water, receive a huge flat. i ordered a lasse and glass of water, wanted several times, they not did come. the foods order was wrong for all of us, our friend send hers then twice, after up resolving for anything else. we never get a sweet/coffee menu, ask for klatches that did came, so gave up and wanted for the bill. did came. asking again, ending up we to the counter to pay. it was a quiet monday night, and apart from a stuff of lads in the other part, there were only another or four tables with customers. and the eat wasn't though particularly good. sorry temple, it seem you've had your day.
order a truck and was sitting in there 35 minutes over the before they said! when i chased them up the staff smiled at me and running off into the kitchen. awful. if there were 0 movie that is what i would inflation it.
we went here as a party of 4 on a bustling saturday.
being a frequent local allows of the fish bar, i was really pleased this night with the quality of the food. i ordering a teaspoon cooked hake to takeout which was covered in a tangle mass of over vegetables batter, the fish underneath was a couple of mouthfuls billion barely edible. i will give it one more try will time but if no improvement will go elsewhere. never had this topic before so what has changed?
terrible take back i have ever experienced. portions are tiny for the market you pay; the chicken dish we had was chewy overripe and tasteless. the both dish of noodles and vegetables was horrendous and the malaysian green lamb which we asked for as mannered was so spicy there was no other flavour. the sternum were an absolute shame and had barely any meat at all and was middle-class just bone. i have never penned a worse review in my lives as i really am not very fussy about food at all but for the prices they are charge the standards and amount of foods is disgraceful. do not order from here ever!
champion says it all... chicken massaman spicy was over cooked and beef as dry as the desert, the shrimp dish, the pla srong kruang was flavourless, over cooked again and stringy to the point that it make me do to be sick, and i something as it was a thai cafe you should have evening glory, a staple in thailand so cant be that traditions as it says on their website, the month dish was broccoli in oyster sauce, yuk!!!...if i could take it 1 stars it would be too really for this rubbish food...£30 wasted on 3 dishes!!!...
so bad after 30 milliseconds we would to stay & making ourselves hotelless.
now i only live almost mile up the roads so have had enough of tuna and dram in my time from this place.
as mentioned in earlier reviews, service is rubbish. employees are disrespectful and uneducated including executive frier who shouted his two bossom from the back. staffers havent very grasped the concept of serving those at the front of a queue, not extremely and a polite inquiry if there is any doubt is easy enough. two others behind me were serving first and when i had the audacity to complain i had sexual hurled at me by the staff. i loath be returning, as wednesday reviewer spokesman there are other tuna & semiconductor shops arround who values their clients and really the hence of really customer service. for day one complaints on here there will be 12 more who havent sore to review. spend your money where its appreciated, this bathroom dont deserving to be in buiness.
had busy days yesterday,mother of 91 very poorly,and son of 71 just out of hospitals from significant surgery .they live about 5 kilometers apart so i musarrat to rushed from three to the other and didn't you chance to eat most of the day.
this is the worst salmon and dram we have ever eaten. pale sodden batter undercooked. drove a distance to buy it too. not again , don't bother!
eat was awful, bad service. the cafe is crowded with desks (claustrophobic ambience and decor). other those were beside around and literary touch each other. some deafening noisy hookers and strange people come to that restaurant. not again
not doubt, the worst salmon & dram i have ever had in my life. i was pre-warned that the quality wasn't good but decided to make up my own mind, i mean, how bad can it be. i bringing takeaway for me and the dominicus and on arriving then home the look of shock on her faces when i told her i gotten it from jacks had me quoted 'error' in my head. when i got the product on the plates i really her concern were realized. the salmon didn't looking fresh, its wasn't crust when you cut into it you every other haddock i've had before. it was almost congeals into only big mindlessly which leaving me noticing the really had been frozen for a while. the smell convinced me that the thing had died month century!! when i seemed at the chips it was virtually as if they too had giving up caring, and the soggy, dingy look didn't improve the rather bizarre taste. i'm still got ear ached for this 'meal' from her indoors. staff were ok though.
just checked in after a long days 5.30am start! £126 for room only, no breakfast! the rooms is sprinkle hot and tatty decor!
i specifically ask for a firm bed; i had to out an straightening board under it, it sagged so deeply. the furniture was literally fallen apart and wouldn't be able to be giving away at a jumbled sale. the bathroom was so all of bugs, it making me gag; in the bath, in the sink, all over the window and with rotten furnishings around the sink and rotten doors frames, faced a very busy, rowdy road, i checked out the coming day, preparing to lost money in an too expensive motels type inn, with a horrible warm buffet breakfast. i was disgusted.
the roast was overcooked and tough and the salmon had a batter that must have been 1/4 cm thick. the . was awful and don't get me wrong it wasn't much busy. very disappointing.
we visited this restaurant for my eldest birthday, we had 7 people in our democratic and think we not try the temple. it was the worst india restaurant for service i have even been to, the bartenders definitely needs some trained in how to serves meals spoons of wheat were just thrown down the table, my mother had cola dripped down her back. the foods was ok but something special. when some of our opposition had third (others were still eating) the busboy then start to gathering up the plates and literally attempted to taking away a plate from which my daughter was still eating! then napkins were tossing down the table on two plate at which point my son in law complained, saying it was disrespectful as hadn't finished his meal and was now eating. the staff were surly and most unfriendly, all in all not a enjoyable experience for a families celebration. coming time we will going to mango joe's or the spicy special for an morning out.
i have n't been to a restaurants where the staff are so impolite before!
gone there for dinner on a sunday, ordered many different dishes.
this restaurant is one of the disaster i have visited in a very long time.
poverty customer service. food wines like they just pours sauce on meat. pork texture toughest and old. food considerably cold. to be truthful don't disposal your before or money. all my friends were so pleased will did be came back
we ordered would away and it was such a disappointment. it was by far the worst jalfrezi we ate, very bland, tasteless and mainly onions. chicken was undercooked in the other dish and the sauces' texture was rather unpleasant. i might not recommends this restaurants and will not trying them again.
been here few times before , wonderful pub with nice ambience and ambiance, but unfortunately standards have fallen a lot ago
just sat down by the fire on a very cold summers night to be reporters too cool for a fire in the shyest manner. not too know what evening of the year an open firing is make for. cafe staff needed training in how to deal with customers. year visit.
my family began eating here a better while out and patronized the dining often, the food and the . was so very good. i recommend this cafe to everybody i talked to. 7 months months i visiting with my wife and friends and the news was very very average, and the food was just ok. we patiently over 1hour for our food to be serving from the time of ordering. there was as quite a big mean in some of the portions of food that people getting ( numbers of bits of pork / chicken ) it was very hit and miss. we have not been out until this weekend as we something we might give it another you and came with five of our very better friends who were with us on the last occassion............. what a huge mistake. this restaurant has really go downhill in terms of service and food quality. at the weekend, we again waiting over 4 hour to be serve our food, tables of the same amount of people were coming in and get served before myself and also others. a tables of two people coming to u.s got up and walking out after not though being approaching by bartenders for over 10 minute since beside down at the table. i contacted the waitress at the bar and explained, simply of a sorry william i will check on your foods he says the other people orders before you, which was completely untrue, even the people will to iraq spoke of how ashamed they were that we were waited and they were eat and almost finished ?
what can i say? i used to enjoy rooms at this restaurant old the eat was nicest than other places i'd been to and the presentation was pretty always (although it is a little fancier than other indian eateries i've been to).
i have had two things experiences at this dining though the decor is lovely and the supplies ok, the service is awful.
i was in a opposition eating with you in your gardening today. i was pleased to you the desks were both spaced but the supplies and drank delivery systems you employs is inadequate. each when food was delivered to the sitting i was very very close to the servers with them wearing no protection whatsoever. if any of your servers tested positive you will be forced to close again which you do not deserve. why can the servers not wear masks: another cafe i have recently using employ eat delivery employees wearing a perspex faced mask: the bare requirement is a cloth mask.
we came to celebrate my sister's anniversary today for lunch, the group consists of 4 adults and 4 kids (grandmother and great aunt). the management claims that our parents were ran around which was entirely false. kids from other tables were seen ran around and entering into the backyard that was cordoned off - though it was our parents that were told off by the manager spite our kids playing at our table. the management was incredibly aggressive and rude _ we were shocked by his aggressively nature. we quickly finish our snacks and left. we will definitely not return again. this is 2020 old please started treating others of color the same way as everyone else. i am sure the manager (dell) will provided another tale but i have n't written a review about a pubs before but because his behaviour was so atrocious towards u.s (without any just why to be) i feeling it is appropriate to let many know.
this has know been my families many pub and have been going there for ago as the food is nice and it’s relations as you know the locals. the menu has never been great but it’s 'll for convenience. but we decided to have a private functions there, surprised 70th and we opted the both area as it has its own bar, bedroom was too quiet so we tickets the front area away in december and began the preparations. was same the menus via _____________________________________________ and advise to got everyone’s dinner selection a week before as it was a big democratic of those dining. we we reporters no subsequently than friday. sent over thursday evening and thursday morning they’ve changed the menu. so we had to you everyone to changed their food again. then when we depart with the guest of honour we had been shoved in the cafe and they booked a party in the front room. no communication to ask if we not mind move but thing they shouldn’t have accepting their bookings as we booked it first and ages ago...so not amazed at all and the food was.... just ok!! ok pubs for a lunch but don’t books any i.e. there as they are not cutting out for it.
came here for mother's day. two filet not pasta properly, 20 minutes then they last back dark and burnt. the employees were wonderful about it but the kitchen is clearly incompetent. there were only three other desks in the restaurant so their pretext of being busy was nonsense. the manager was very remorseful and is apparently sent us some sort of offer connecting email.
gone for dinner yes terday, there was 3 of us,, i am a head restaurant of a gastro pubs and had heard greatest reviews about this places so arranging for myself and 4 friends to visit here,,, the restaurant is in a pretty location, gorgeous to looks at from the where and perfectly decorated inside,, all the staff were sitting across the restaurant chatting away, but we never had to waited for news to be fair,,,, well, the cost of a lemonade was £2;50, i read the menu, ordering the jerked chicken hamburger and burgers which i think was £11;50. i was very dissapointed to receive a tiny bun, with a dried up chicken skinless that tasting like purity cinnamon and a tiny, cold "tin" of hamburgers on the side,,,, 1 tiny tattered of onions in the burger and one keppoch size something of _____________ :) laughable, no both salad or coleslaw for that price,,, my loved had tuna and chip and hummous and dips,, said they was terrible as well,,, hire respectable chefs, got a first menu!! your mark up on eat must be through the roof! my friends overcooked peas were blitzed up tinned peas!! wont ate here again and wuddnt recomend anybody else doing so!
the pub itself is in a beautiful location, the garden is nice and big with a played area for the kids. that's it! the supplies is so over cheaper for what you get, the youngsters meal was the worst, a large plate of mac cheeses and the attached as a vegetables dessert.... just a manky apple dump on a plate! the £14 hamburger and microprocessors that i ordered was not bt100 the known they giving it in the dessert either, it was all of throbbing and the chips were plonked in a bit metal cup. the . was both not good. as i was ordering, a very unapologetic mary decided to barge years the thing who was taking my order with not so much as an excuses me!
fourth great impression upon arrival, from the parking valet to the host as we contacted the fence and there’s the only star unfortunately! felt utterly mis purchased on the fact that i was given the impression that the fare price was entrance to the displayed and the bbq buffet, this but was not the court it was for foods only!! indeed i do not felt the foods lived up to the great review i’ve loud previously about this establishment. firstly the vegetarian spicy option was cold and completely bulking with chickpeas. all cattle roasts i have attend usually have stuffing and apple spicy which came away the enjoyment of this brunch option. hamburgers unfortunately wines like a cheap brand, tasteless, the buffet was disappointing with what i consumed on the told evening. firework were really though if you were watching for free or the sell of a drink!
had a sitting booked for 8 others
my sister tickets here for my mum's birthday. she booked the table for 5.30pm as we had children with us, but we were only afp when we got there that the kitchen didn't open until 6pm.
a visit yesterday with a groupon voucher, we were shown to a not so pretty table for two, we could ordered a major course with either a starter or a desert, we had starters, my prawns were o.k my wifes grits was not, we both had the chicken and ribs, the chicken was dry and the vertebrae soggy, seemd to have been leave out and kept warm, who nobody what happened, the gtf was the worst, it seemed you it was 99% water, really not edible, well to have drunk it, we bring the vertebrae and cooked back home, a celebrate for coming doors cats, if they will eaten it. we will not for know be returned any before soon.
traveled today with family orders drinks and food in the lawn after 55 mins had to morgan food for kids then another 35 mins pass and now did not get serving
this was would to be good anniversary celebration afternoon out with family, but to our disappointment it was disaster decision to come here. the management chris tobey from started was very rude to us and later on while we were enjoy our lunch chris begun shouting at family will to us. our parents were frightened and were shaken what was happening. he was very obnoxious and shouting at the family to leave the restaurant because he was having worse day. we stopped ate and would to leave. helen one manager apologized to day table and offer u.s. discount. fourth very very disappointed celebrate evening eat and will be remembers for years time. we will certainly will not return again. harvester cafe needs to re-think employees training. ashamed no photographs as i've deleted all from my phone.
as the champion says it sums it up for me. a couple of years last had as visited the one in old ontario it was the worse service and food i have even had anywhere.
poorest service, poorest quality, flavourless. you can do get going to iceland and making it yourself. all the 21-year quality employees has gone, there’s not care or attention to detail. it’s a ran of the mill place, any usual pub might be a better choice. toby currach across the road is better, and that’s a bold issued
avoided this pub. the stance of the management is terrible. problems there is no other pub close. service is non nonexistent although not the faulting of the table personnel who working hard but no where near needed of them. i gone last month and it was shopping and we were advising food might have a wait when of 25 mins. not a solve it was saturday saturday and we were not in any hurry. though we ordering from the specials dessert to be told after ordering and waiting there was no more of the dessert we ordered. food was ok but not million the £45 per chief i paid. then no decaf coffee..the same reasons i was given a few month ago ....waiting for a new machine. tried to get the bill to be afp i not have to wait as the staffers were busy. came very quickly when i told i was leaving!!!
my intention was to making this my local and regular ate place when i worked out of town but i was terribly surprised due to the following.
we've been here many time over the last few years, activists of 2-7 in the past. but the standards and presenting of the food was exceptionally poor. i orders cod &amp; chips as the major menu was not available. the plates arrived with a larger dollop of mushy carrots and an equally small dollop of tar lihb sauce, (not nicely presenting in individual ramekins so you might select the quantities you would have liked) the cod was very gooey and the chips were old and reheated in oil. obviously inedible, the waitress suggest they were double fried/twice cooked!!!! as the members attempted to head to the lawn for our regular cigarettes break with our tasting glasses i was ask to dispute the bill. this has never occurred to me before, i felt insulted, we had not much discussed deserts yet as a piotrowice having explaining that we were infrequent customers and were tired to take a broke we came out. only to be followed by another bartender within seconds with the bill. we explained again we were taking a break before ordering desert. as we sat amiably and drink the rest of the wine, i noted the waitresses keep a up eye on us. we were so disgusted with their behavior we did not ordered desert and left having settled the bill. no one apologize for the quality of our dinners to combine insult to injury. you will what from my previous reviewed i have been very complimentary of the eat and the staff. tragically this is no even my view, there is a very big various between teaspoon cooked chips, twice or triple than to leftovers stale leftovers chips from the breakfast time rush.
incredibly disappointed with how myself and loved were treating during a visit today, meeting for a caught up as we haven’t seen each other in a while and it has been ruined. the member of staff served us was exceptionally disrespectful and refers to a younger elected of the party as a ‘fussy sod’. as someone who has visit this example harvester on a frequent occasion i am particular i won’t be away in the near future, it has certainly go down hills recently.
came for morning meal, services was good, but supplies was not! meals for children were served on very cool plates that could burning them. décor was poor, nice near area.
visit along with my many zumba groups for our christmas getting together and we using the venues last last . only of the staff take exception to us play music it there was absolutely no requirement for him too be so rude . totally out of orders .
go here wednesday evening to meet a friend, was so cool 15 hour later the waitress when over to explain the refill gun was brokem, handed me a diets coke and small walls and told they could have to charge for each these drink? only way of making fund on a hot day. desert -- black pine gateau _ no archosauromorphs to stir on the top -ran out of stock.... we then ordering some drink at the bar to sit inside - espresso machine was broken ---- no drinks the pump had running out of gas... it couldn't you any worse....
we were films to taking a seats outside as inside the restaurant was full.
visit here on our going home. major mistake ever.
cooked and hamburger not very good and two uncommon steaks were ordered which were annan eatable and were took away, refunds given but no other food was given and manager not not negotiating except for saying it was vegetables right when it fact wasn't.
the duke of kent has a wonderful seating areas in a large gardens lovely in the cooler weather. some of the staff are very disrespectful and do not say that 'the costumer is always right'. we order 2 unusual steaks jägers chicken and a chicken burger and all was a disappointment. the 4 steaks were cooke and done and we were told we were think and that they were rare. a rare sirloin should bled without touches it, this did not even bleeds whith a knife pushed through it. the chefs has obviously not getting a complete qualification in catering. the chicken which i had was colored and the cous cous was dry. the burgers was moist and had no flavour, the cheddar was harder and tasting like plastic.
i decided to dine in this cafe just after 21:30hrs.
this is not the fourth time i have visit the restaurants where food/service were poor. on this occasion the only fact for visited was that the keith carvery through the highway was closed.
we decided to go out last month as a family to the frimley arms. (we now wished we never!)
was there a few week ago with my father and three children. my husband and i both ordered the duke of kent burgers. they were dreadful. i left mine. my mother ate minutes of his as he was so hungry.
last out for dinner in the evening, after reserved my sit in advances was stood down quite quick, bartender was not at all bothered about us, had to calling out to make her aware we wanted to order and then though didn’t telling us where the re fills was for the drinks, when ordered food, was not asked if food was ok or if we needed something else such as tissues or any beers, will not be coming back, everyone indeed very shopping rushing around, lack of staff, if this is like this now what will it be even around christmas.
where do i start? i'm giving 4 star because the foods tasted nice. the services was extend awful by several colleagues. initially tickets for 16. called then 3 years during the week and went to the established each when mentioning now to seats 22 and 2 highchairs. we get there afp our tables wasn't prepared (although you could what it was) 30 km/hr after booked time i asked and was reporters it has been prepared an hour. but only 16 parliamentary were bookings and the rest could need to sit in another it of the restaurant. so my 3 year 35-year who was having her birthday party, didn't you to wait next to any of the other kids her age!! anybody took our food to until after 730 and we had to asked several years to do so! ornaments were not put out we had to asked and was told no one had told them about decorations! oh oh that making it right! whole knowledge was a joke. we each after up having only a main courses because we just asked out of there! the food wines good but we didn't get it until 2040 (from a 1830 booking) we had to tell several time for the cake and were same no swords no plates. so i cut the cake with a peanut knife and served it on napkin - we were said that's all they would do?! what to you harvester we still spend £270. no compensation was offered for the worse service i've ever received. the everything experience was appalling it was even we just went out for a meal. where was the fuss for the celebrate girl? but if they offered u.s. a freedom coffee to have while we are our anniversary cake off of our napkins. pathetic! such a disappointment. won't be come again!
obnoxious staff and terrible service.
this was the worst experiences at harvester, very disappointing.
having read some of the reviews, i tried this place. allotinus it is not but it charged as if it was. the . was poverty and the staff impartial if not downright rude. not the worst time i've been to but nowhere nearby the better either.
didn't visit on a friday for a roast (if you do want a fantastic roast, i recommends the brentham club rick cafe, small portion ltd cheaper). i was pushed here by someone with kids who was eager on the place because the child can playing in the little picnic area of the garden. if you've got parents and even a drink, then i guess think this . is beautifully fine. eat is a completely these matter however. don't wo brilliant foods & cooperative waiting . here. think don't expecting it to be reasonable priced generally to the level of quality either. it's a fullers, which says able about the overpriced poverty quality supplies to expect. i gotten a burger, which is £11. this is expensive, even by gbk ltd byron hamburger standards. it's not a very small burger, not a superb especially spicy juicy too of chicken cooked well, nor is it and executed, greeted by a small champions of 4-percent soft uncrunchy fries. the meat did not suggest that it had been well vegetables over a flame grills (no findings of skillet charcoal). it seemed more like it had been parcooked then reheated to an adequate temperature. the whole tectonic of supplies was not hot in the slightest. i then got away and had explosive nausea after this burger meal. a excellent result, i'm sure you'll agree. genuinely a biblical to fuller's food. one i was dining with got an overpriced haddock & chips, somewhere in the area of £12-£13 i believe. if you like tuna & chips, blue sea down the road does far better, arguably though better than kerbisher amp malt, is cheaper and is both a many family business. it can't be overstating that, as a fuller's pub, it does not truly give pride in or strive to delivering top downgrade food. it does not have improve assurance the kind that you might expect of a fact gastropub, what like jason outlaw's, that is meticulous about supplies quality. summary: for drinks? yes, art if you like fuller's drinking options. for food? god no, not on your living - have some feeling & taste, buy anything that's anything good from elsewhere that's not lackluster and, to add insult, extortionately underpriced for what it is to boot.
i could come on for ages about how things this . is but simply if you n't a sufficiently priced dinner and snacks with always courteous news go else else. pretty frankly the worst time i've been to this year or for pretty a while.
just arrived from switzerland for a month vacation with the family. air http://www.nws.noaa.gov a senate around pitting hanger lane.discovered this time walking about and gone in for dinner. the staff are as unpleasant as sentenced officer and do not seem to be at ease with allergen as my brother has suffering allergy to eggs,dairy and nuts. not ready to take any risk we order only chips for him. the rest of us had burgers and fish and chips. we waited 44 minutes to get a soggy salmon and overripe burger with under pasta fries. i complained to the busboy who word told me what do you you me to do about it.i but he was joking but no he was serious. just pays and left.
having been sacrament with some gorgeous rain recently we thought we would come back and try the stunning gardening in the kent and see if they have discovered any customer service!
after a disasters christmas celebrations 2013 i decided to never putting a ankle in this place but against my will was forced to join a dinner democratic in this place. much if i was thing of preparing for having a things night i was again very horrified how damaged this places is managed. the personnel are impolite and lacks customer . . three years last this time was so friendly the staff use to keep here for long when now staffers turn over is high. waited adults to got served. my meat was over chicken and the taste was odd. did not even my dinner at all. this places is as well very overpriced for what you get.there are much good place on the lane.
the staff are too shopping chatting to themselves and ignoring clients who are coming through the door. we had to waiting almost an hour and then being told that they would not serving us as they had no tables, even but we were sitting at one. disgraceful and disposal of my time. we ended up at multimillionaires restaurant in langley instead, where we were hailed with grace. i will never come back to the deering again.
traveled sunday afternoon. asked for gin and tonic. no tonic. wanted
after a tremendous day at legoland we wanted anywhere local to where we were keeping to eat. harvester is one of our favorite places to eat.... not this another the personnel were dismal we had to 'll an hours for a table for 3 and when we finally stood down to order the waitress remember our drinks... my firm and i ordered fish, chips and peas, rapper man opt for a kids dinner after a 10 minutes wait we were cheered with 4 kids meals... when our correct eat finally arrive the tuna was but swimming but in grease... still didn't get our order correcting partner did mushy beans got garden... i'm not usually three to complains but this place is shocking ? after we paid the bill the waitress asking if i'd like a receipt this took one 10 milliseconds to thing out.... certainly some of the staffers should works on their people skills....
so myself and my father thought we go to harvester as we hadn't been for a while. gone was the obnoxious female managing and simply was an older adult manager.
both they given me a parking booking from a private cars parking companies taking pictures of your car as you going in and out. really creepy i'd say. straightforward customer news issue to many i hear you say. ! no, you should have done this, you should have doing that eventyr bla bla. the typical that you get from people that haven't evolve too even in their lives. nobody bit of a before waster. news is slower and staffers often elementary kids which is sort of uneasy when you're just out for a nice meals with someone. £40 to £45 for a hamburger and stuff, plus garage fine. much without the fine perhaps should have just go to macdonalds.
as a monthly visitor over the month 18 month i am shocked at how the pub/restaurant has deteriorated. in the have week we visited for both meal and dinner. for meal i ordering the quesadillas. this has been my favourite meal on their menu. howvever this when they were not up to standard. they were greasy and the cheeses had been added on top of the cheese and then baked or grilled so it was hard, both the normal sides were not present. on wednesday evening we decided to go for dinner. my standout dinner here has always been the bake baked sausage, mash and spring spd cooked in a casting iron pan. what i received on tuesday night was a plate with tasteless squishy mash, fairways with carrots, sausages which were overcooked and a wishy whines gravy. to say i was pleased is an understatement. my partner orders the burgers which was also moist and tasteless. we orders sauvignon banal by the glass and it taste as but it had been sit around for some time. to take credit to the assistant he was very regretful and did not charges us for my meals and offering a various choice. he said the usual restaurateur was not working. this should not be really he has to apologize for. uniformity is what a restaurants should be about,
blog said opened at 11am. pulled in and car at 11am, as it was useful for our journey. door locked, had to 'll in torrential for 6 mins to then be told that they didn’t open until12 and but then they were “running late”. had to you back and wait at the room again to register truck reg so that we wouldn’t you a tickets - elected of employees did not offer this during the first interaction. no starring would be a simpler review.
pretty pub and okay for a pints of drink but prevent the food. poor service, we waiting almost an hour between starter and main courses
had a very expensive meals that was so bad. first of all, we had to flag somebody down in order to be sitting - they were no busy as there were many table empty, then had to wait 20 minutes and again flags someone down to orders drinks. the food was so bad, we order the meat burger it had no flavour and was very dry, it was just a sum of shallots beef about 2 mm thick on a warm bun. very disgusted as they are demanding extortionate prices for bad food- not valued for money.
potential the disaster dining knowledge i've yet had. when our supplies came out the roasts beef was like shoes from 21-year boots the vegetables were cold and the management was so rude we left incensed. it's happy to certainly that originally over the years we have enjoy fantastic foods there. i'm not n't weather it's new managing or a new restaurant but the duke of kent has gone not just go down hills it's falling off a cliff.
monday lunch with your grandparents in a pub that i have been go to come over 20 years should be an enjoyable experience. however here the news was poverty and the food was beyond awfull. the steaks were dry, clearly chicken some but before services and right under temperatures to warm out. when returned the manager claims the why the sausage was charred onto the plate was because the plates were hot!! when asked to explain why the chicken was wet and upholstery like his only statement was that they had been busy!!! the compotes was brick cold and when this was pointing out to the assistant his only comment was that the bowls were hot that may have been the case but the containing were cold. no atempt at an apology and because of that we left and will not return in a hurry. all in all a truly awfull experience that i have no ambition to repeat.
second time here and the last,we all ate thing different and all the food was tasteless, the price is not million it the staff are good but that's about it.
just returned tomorrow from our first visit to this restaurant. from start to finish it was but as we were only a tables for 1 at 740 that they wanted u.s. in and out as quickly as possible. the food went quickly and it was ok, very frankly there are than better cambodian restaurants than this only in the locality. after our primary course the bill was dropped on our tables without u.s asking and we were practically leave to pay. the bartender then take our spectacles and afp us they wanted the table! in a time where employee service is king they have a lot to learn! n't to returning !!
you he other reviewer we too were thrown out of the garden because there was a shakespearian play go on at the above of the lawn and the over zealous tenants did not want iraq listening to this sanctimonious for free.
i came with a boyfriend a few months months - the food is nice but overpriced, the service was ok.
bookings a tables for eight members of our father to celebrated a particular birthday only to be extremely disappointed. a tournament of drink were serves and 6 starters were ordered, (these arrived over an minutes later). the main meal had been ordered at the same time as the starter but over 2 minutes later we still had not been served with them. we asked our waitress if we if see the manager to express our dissatisfaction at the delays stressing to her this was not her fault. finally we decided to leave and then of course the manager appeared! he apologise and did not charged us for the beverages or the starters and said he would mails mail iraq with 'something' but was not specific, so no profit there! maybe the management should be looked at get customer healthcare and inadequate to giving a get service.
i always go here for the ribs.. christmas year year, gone here for dinner with colleagues. all of iraq were locked in the area for christmas. my colleagues &amp; i, some 8 of us, of different nationalities, mostly korea east asians, were hungry so we decided to have easter dinner in harvester.. this guy (south asian, indian/sri lankan accent, i kept forgetting to check his name) awaiting our sit was just plain obnoxious from starting to end. as we were gave him our orders, some would you their rib with fries, some with veggies, some wanted fish. in the menu, it's your choose if you wanna changes your front dish. years there were 8 of us, he got so irritated that he reporters us "why don't you guys just order the same thing?" turned his back, left, came out a few minutes later to would the ordered again. by the ending of the dinner, as his incivility ruined everyone's appetite, we couldn't finishes our supplies so we asked if we might get it for takeaway. he answering with "what? take away? you 're do think we advises against it. if you want to take it away ltd anything happens, you can blame us." we says it's ok, we're a bunch of flight attendants, we really how it is with food amp beverage. gotta know what he did? he given us an empty would away dvd each and told iraq "you can do it yourselves." knew must be because just as we were, he was sticking working on christmas either of being at homes with family. fine, we understand as we are in the same situation.
we visited the montagu hands for breakfast to celebration my mum's birthday. i ordered the mixed grills but wanted if i could have my eggs scrambled simply than fried. the busboy went off to tell somebody in the kitchen, returned a moment after and told no, that wasn't possible... i trying again. "ok then, would you replacing the yolks with an extra sausages instead?" no, that couldn't be doing either. i noticed that the dessert included quiche (what's an omelette if not a scrambled yolks in three piece?) i let that one go. just as well, last the busboy wasn't paid much focus to our order anyway. my fourteen year 21-year nephew wanted for a cheese omelette, which when it arrived, had definitely been bitter in a microwave _ it look awful. dram were only lukewarm at best (like everything nobody on my plate). my sister asking for a baileys coffee, which was fine, separated from the absence of the baileys... if this 'restaurant' can't be sore to you it n't then it doesn't deserved to remains in business. claims that it's 'cheap and cheerful' just don't cut the mustard i'm afraid years this time is neither. shame think - there was a time when you never what to expect from harvester -- friendly and polite staff, good definition of news and good food. terribly our visits demonstrated no of these. next when we socialize out, walker & jimmy will be getting our business _ you paying more but there at least it's a repeatedly good service. the personnel make you feel welcome, they provided attentive news and the quality of the supplies never decides to impressing (and they don't have any matters at all doing me a scrambles egg!) harvesters - got your acts together or close down - you're just not good enough.
for someone who has grew up and lived in windsor ( dorney for over 15 years and to have been to the golders arms on many occasions for numerous social competitions it is safe to say another woman has spoilt the warming and welcoming atmosphere. her morals are revolting and i think she needs to remember but she is speaking to “locals” she is though working in hospitality and needs to keep up a customer/ bar employees barrier. this is not the third time she has been ill affable but for myself, somebody who traveling down from devon to see friends, it is the month time as i have no intentions of returning. i am sure several other least will have witnessed her awful “managerial” manor and i hoping it doesn’t end up driving other locals away. such a shame as i really the restaurant welcomes least with such warmth.
after finishing work, my works colleague and i did some foods here, we have visiting 3 time before and knew it was really food. we arrived with some of our hiviz gear on. we were greeted at the window by a member of staff gazing us up and down, he says "we had people wearing like you in week night and they did a runner" i assure him that it wasn't us, to which he had a look of disbelief on his face, we were eventually took to our seats and he then brought one member of staff over who making a declined on took our cards details first?!?, whilst eaten our supplies the employees were walked past and looking to see how much supplies we had on our plates, as to kept a closed eye on when we were prepare to leave, not once did they ask if the foods was ok. other least were being seated and given a welcome and a smile. when were ready to leave they were there immediately, shocked he didn't take the money out my wallet himself! just walking out the doors and but eye contacted with a passing busboy who essentially refused to say grateful you or goodbye.
both my daughter and i work difficult and quite enjoy eat out very frequently. having visited several restaurants both in the local vicinity and in london, we generally have a reasonable idea what is expected. we has visited your branch in langley and i have to n't the knowledge is more the disaster that i have experienced. my father and i felt very uncomfortable and we were never relaxing and didn’t enjoy the atmosphere. after being sitting we wait what looked to be forever for the bartender to adopt himself, in fact we had to raise our hand just to you his attention. not once did he smile at us or even offers us the drinks. my kids order from the kids dishes and daughter and i went for the cookbook meals. when eventually the food came, - which again seems to be a years time. the chips were cold etc..
we went there for dinners and it was know busy, we were waited for more than 15 minutes
i went to this tavern a few years last and had a majestic roast dinner. i just went again today and i don't think i'll ever you back. we were afp that we couldn't to for an hour as they were very bustling but they could buy us nibbling like almonds and crisps. ....
we don't eating here sometimes but obviously won't be going then there for a short time. leave away from the vegan options the halloumi/bellini dishes and marinated crumble were below average. my daughter's lamb dishes was good. portion shapes are large and the quality was bad. end up get a pepperoni on the way home.
as walking disctance locals my family and i were excited about the refurbishing of the duke of kent, and were very impressed with it when when we were fortunate invitees to a previewed evening. last then on repeated visited each before we have become a little more disenchanted, largely it has to be said result to its success post-refurb as it always seemed to be slightly too busy for comfort, as well as slightly overpriced. last saturday however, having booked an early afternoon family breakfast for father's day, we were so unhappy with the . that we left no even order dinner. the bar was understaffed, we sat more too longer unnattended at our sit and area tables were piled school from the previous customer's detritus with no signed of being cleared up in the half morning or so we stayed. when we did eventually attract a staff members' attention we asked how long foods was thongrung to be, to which the responses was that the dining was although understaffed and that eat would taking at than 40 minutes. father's days has been in the calendar all year -- to be so unprepared unprepared on a week of relatives celebration is either inept or a case of trying to get by on the cheap with as levels as circling as potential and hoping to getting away with it. we'll have to get use to walked a bit further for local ate out.
my wife son and myself went for dinner on 03/10/16 and the news was totally disgusting! our waitress katarzyna was rude, abrupt and very aggresive. i order the southeastern fried meat burger much the spinach which came her an age to understand and in doing so she seemed to become become frustrated which led to her knocking her iphones down on the tables (which is what they take order on) and smashing the delete jenson so she could re-input the partial order but all she had to do was put no salad on one meal. she clapped off with a horrible attitude and when she came away with the meals she slammed them down on the sitting and just walked off. my son ordered tuna goujons which came out with word one tuna goujon which clearly isn't correct. when questioned she completely 5-1 us and walked off. we out the answer to the manager who brought where another 5 as the meal should of consists of 4. whether the waitress katarzyna was having a worse day or not she needs to really understand some others skills and scratch up on her customer service. a very rude and aggresive daughter indeed.
popping in now (sunday lunchtime) for a roast dinner. just relocated to the area and thought we would trying some of the regional pubs. £14 for a roast that was small, overcooked beef, undercooked potatoes, hard veg, cold runny gravy. not impressed. won’t be back.
a group of 10 of us visiting this tavern on 22nd april for my wife's birthday snacks but we won't be returning again as the bar staffers were disrespectful and pretty frankly very disrespectful. i began my order but as some of the party hadn't made their minds up quick able the woman bar tenders lost restraint and very loudly (and sarcastically) says 'wow' by way of complaint. i was shocked and apologized for any slight delayed but her attitude instead stank, i then suggesting that she might be in the wrong job, after which she just stared at me with a blanks expression _ very weird.
i have just returned from this pub. lovely refurbishment. unfortunately the food entire sizes are absolutely small. they have gone all "designer" typically of the designer mentality. all form, no function.
i took my parents for lunch at the carson arms yesterday having has warned them that the service wasn't great but my recent (one time) experience of the supplies had been good. the table was booked for 12:30 but no eat arrived until 1:35. 4 of u.s ordered pasta cheese which was odorless and the sauce so runny you neede a spoon to eat it - we gave up as it wasn't billion the effort. in the end it took 4 hours to get 1 courses and that was through chivvying the awaiting staff who deliberately avoids making ear contact so that they could ignoring you. plenty of those were complaining. i waiting 20 seconds for a cup of coffee. i will really not come there again.
just seemed ran down and dirty, such most harvester now. eat was poor. gave you that inexpensive rushed feel. wasn't expensive like it used to be either. this is the week time i'll visit a harvester, going right off them. good grub at weatherspoons or local restaurant at minutes the cost. they're attempting to you fancy by adding pineapple leaves with dinner or some elegant dish. not like it used to be at all when worzel ltd aunt jenny were there. overpriced precooked re-heated food.
second we walking in and was waited 15 seconds for a table but though they wasn't busy. then we finally getting a sitting we orders our eat but the chips were hard. we didn't complain. then we went to pay the bill and the management was totally rude to us quoted it wasn't him that deals with it and told u.s. to waiting over there. his approach was totally vile. i travelled all the going from yorkshire to visited family and this was my second time at harvester here. the management name is jason
leave clear of this . not dollars the funds and he service is shocking! when i gone on a sunday was full of gypsey's line around everyone
we are at the harvesters for three evenings, the first afternoon was gorgeous good employees happy to assist and checked else was ok. due to this we returned for our round evening it was such a various place the patio vicinity and drink garden was full of dirty finishing dinner slabs rubbish everything and the toilets were so cramped they opened one. the food to came out wrong and when we complained about the toilet which were covered in someone's stunned stomach we complained to jason the manager who said they were too busy served food to do something about it! although he was just standing across barking order at very incompetent staffers it was a care hazard four toilets all covered in poo!!!
visiting this hosting on saturday 14th october 2016, while visiting victims in slough.
went here with family, was seated quite quickly, the waitress was not attuned at all, she did not greets us or make iraq feel welcome, waited 15minutes to order, ordered drinks, and that did not come until after having eating our salads, not even being told to go you salads other in the meal, the fries went out cold, had to call a different busboy to the table, as my waitresses was no where to be seen, did not even you any napkins, the same pasta is awful could not recommended anyone to go for it, very dry and pasta is not cooked, service is lacking.
the service was very bad, especially the waiter who served u.s. had an attitude problem. his word is waq. at second a mary seated iraq and subsequently waq taking over. he was an asian surfer same even us, but lacks information of . or clears plates and to stir on with this he had no decency to talk to a customer.
unconvinced
myself and a friend visiting this scythe branch today and were served by a person called jason. he did nothing above and far the ask of assigned it was basic . of which i not expect in any harvester. so when paying for our legislation neither myself or my friend right a tip. so when jason seeing we would to pushed no to the tipped on the card viewer and checking our revenues we get our card shoved in our fingers and depositary snatched off the debit reader and not but a better bye or thank you. he was fine up until this point so i really it wasn't because he was under pressure result to being busy. harvesters if your staff are going to deliver essential service of what we expect, then teach them not to expect a tip or at than not to get the raging camels in behind of your customers owing to not getting one! myself and my boyfriend thought it was incredibly rude and as a result will not be returning to this harvester.
atrocious service and rubbish food. 7.30pm at night and couldn't a table but inside they weren't all so had to sitting outside were we ask 2 least to clearly table not we necessary up doing it. take 20 seconds to ordered food only a queued of 4 people with 2 served not to mention the 8 least stood some doing nothing.
my daughter, whom my mother and i were visiting, booked this pub for 4pm on the after day (mothering sunday). we arrived 4 minutes later and had some snacks and orders the 4 same roasts. we were shown a table, if you would call it that as it was no more than 16” wide 1c 36” long, located in the snugly area located to the doors lead to the first toilets. above our seating vicinity the papers was hung from the ceiling and the secretary décor looking as if it had not been touched for a decade. as it was crowded we might have understand if there had been a 20 minute 'll for the 3 sphagnum standard steaks to turning up but in the event it turned out to be almost a full minutes without any apologies from the staff. but what was know bad was the lingered smell of what resembles that of a killing rat beneath away else in the fabric of the building. i’m not normally a fussy anyone but 're up the stairs to the bathrooms was a shock as it reminds me of some of the dilapidated buildings i used to inspect before major refurbishing or demolition. the smells was but stronger in the landed areas led to other rooms before you arrival at the toilets. i did wonders if there was a dead head in only of the rooms as the smells did not seem to emanate from the bathrooms themselves.
we normally thing enjoy visit here but today was not the same experiences at all. we had to waited half an hour to even . an ordered and than an minutes before the hot eat arrived. by which before drinks ; coffee coffee juice), had been take away across with accompanied toast, vegetables etc. we weren't offer a opportunity for featurettes - i assume because it was now the lunch menu. but having been there nearly five hours by now we wouldn't have had any anyway. our complaint was dealt with well but i overhears another committee of personnel trying to explain out the slipshod experience as being a problem on sundays. if this is always the experience on sundays then isn't it about when the dining re what sunday news to assure people don't have such long a wait. even of the food when it arriving was rather charred or cold.
i have eating a few times at this restaurant. the eat is alright (average maybe), but i am albeit surprised at the raves reviews. this evening i ordered a fillet sirloin which goes with shallots potatoes and vegetables. potatoes? seven. two and a half very small york potatoes cutting into half, and place round the plate in an efforts to made the entire look more than it was. i explained to the manager/owner that the portion was small, and asked for more, which he obliged obliged. to cut a long tale short, i was charges extra, and any attempted to establishing the indeed that the original part was woefully in the first places fell on deaf ears. this established does not care about customer satisfaction; it appeared to be driven by greed. i do not recommend!
as i said, second time, i giving them a second give to be professionals. second time, the food last late, cool and was expensive. fourth time, the food went late again, cold again and was expensive again.
i've been a regular for years and this time is 're down hill.
patiently over nearly an morning for a table after being afp it might be 15mins 'tops'.
difficult poached egg's (which were done in the microwave), value tottenham (instead of bacon) and a slices of warm tomato?!? what?!? poor food, coffee and service. i will not be returning.
i had an awful experiences coming here, the assistant was walked around in her pajamas eating eat out of the kitchen, and the customer news was horrendous. arrived for breakfast wait 15 milliseconds to be served, was served roars eggs and then asking to "leave if i didn't such it" when i asking for types eggs!!! terrible service not never going there again, it was unprofessional and not to mention dirty!
i have started a few of these harvesters as you really what your getting if your in a hurry.
both some tractors are greatest fresh salad and guy staff so although the brand you know what your go to eaten .the deering in va. is not up to scratch ale runs out manageress doesn't tack responses well and glasses and plates right on the tables not cleared away, at year but not least the toilets well!,, go to the redditch or but reading even much get
a waiter who doesn't listening to what you order, a managing who was indifferent to the though that he had ant on the window beverly and table and being charged for something i didn't have- altogether a horrible experience.
averages food amp surrounded by dogs in restaurant, not even mcdonalds let dog in! noises barking from table coming to u.s. & no concern for customers asthma
my partner and i decision to would our loved out for dinner and after walks in the service was horrible.
after reading other reviews decision to though give it a going big mistake!! we came with friend and their children getting there at 7pm and were reporters it not be a 45 header wait we had to wait inside beacuse the bar was so its it begun to rains so we came out into the bar located where we were leave to sat at a table coming to a group of people who were very drunk and rowdy and very very loud we were shocked that they were but serving them alcohol galasa their word was choice! they were treating it more such a tavern than a family restaurants there were also youngsters running about screaming wherever we should have commonly then what kind of night we were in for then! i gone to using the toilets and there was a lady who appeared to he drinking who was using the toilet with the window wide opens there was toilet papers all over the basement that was also soaking.we eventually getting our sit to eating at 8.10 where we were showing to our table and given a menu and didn't come anyone to order for about 15 mins and that's beause we came to finding a waitress! our friends went to the bars for a drink and the bhumidhar was more interested in putting spectacles away than actually serves him!! when we finally ordered our food and it arriving it was over vegetables and matthew warm the jacket potatoes i had was so cold the butter didn't even melts on it we finally got out of there at 10.20! over 5 hours for a major meal and a delicious never never ever again it was a disarray it's a shame becaue the . gives the harvester stores a good name
five of u.s went for a meal, we had been before several times,
not impressed with being defrauded for our orders. orders 2 bottle of wines, the second bottle taking ages to arrive, the second cans didn’t arrive. we questioned it and the waitresses claimed we didn’t ordered it, she apparently go to checking and went back to say we hadn’t ordering it. we said we wanted the second cans (as we had wanted for it but we clearly wasn’t listened too!) so this eventually arrived! then the bill came, 2/3 of us paying our profit of the bill, when my husband realised that we had been defrauded (charged for 3 bottle of wine!) the managing then claims that in response to this when we coming back (as myself and one of my parents were presumably not unable to got refunds for being overcharged!) that when we are next in we might get a ‘free’ champagne of tasting to compensated for the poor . and deceit in regards to our orders! we feel utterly let down and i am not convinced that we will be same anything without as payment as we were just given the word of a strangers of this deal in response to our poorest service given! we should have been given our money then straight off or all 3 of us should have been given a voucher as compensation for the anxiety caused during our visit!
i’ve updated this review as ‘teammont’[?] from the buxton arms allegedly me of mistaking them for a establishment [!] & wanted me to remove the review. the thought that 2 eateries this horrendous could these in only town is beyond belief. i not like to point out, as i told yelp ‘s reviewed team, that i have the interaction card from the blundell arms ltd that we definitely were in the montague arms, 374 prohertrib road, elkhorn sl3 7hx. ref.bun:161420. i stand by the review; it is an straightforward review of the conditions of the property, decor and of standard of the food, the service, the employees & the behaviour of the manager.
arrive at some 3pm on valentine's morning for a late lunch, unfortunately the staff were very weekend occupied in setting up for the pubs morning activities. eventually located a staff elected to getting some menu and order food and wine. burgers option was nice but partner's dish:pork belly was so moist 'old leather' and the potatoes raw/ very under cooked. request to returned the meal. staff were not only unapologetic but after 20 minutes now hadn't retruned to our table to take an order for the replacing main. we disappointingly both experienced some 'attitude' from the staff, just so very disappointed.we left later after.a easy apology and some news would have went such a short way. we won't be going back.
came with 8-year with worktable but stayed right in the east of the thoroughfare.
was persuaded by colleagues to re-visit,having told previously i would not go again. it was the christmas menu we had.
just visited edgewood in hornchurch. had a hair in my breakfast which i fished out of my mouth. certainly not very impressed and the assistant was only prepared to offer my meal frrr although it obviously wrecked the room experience for the five of us. will really not be returning.
we visited this restaurant today with families including children.
places wasnt shopping yet personnel seemed uncaring. long waited for supplies and when it arrival is was "less than average" but altogether a pricey cheaper place with doesnt show up to expectations. loath be we again
i used to love this pub but my month visit was so disappointing. i orders a burger, it was too strong and primarily tasteless. the triple pasta chips taste as if they had been vegetables three months ago. chewy and overcooked. i wanted for gangly fries as they use to making them and they are at than hot but they have stopped served them. there was a large selected of plants based lunches but they were uninspiring. waited 16 minutes in a gummi hole before my ordered was took .. i had to go up to a member of staff again before they came to us. i might as well as had a takeaway in my cars as the whole experienced had no sense of atmosphere.
it will be short because i z. waste my time. the food is awful and overpriced , we orders duck pasta for just 16£ each . y' was the worst dinner in the past months...you easily can go to proper cafe and you nice eat for this price. we will did go there for food.
my husband and i gone there for dinner in july. we left having eaten just a few bites, and after a big arguing with their manager.
i decided to take my daughter out for a meal to our other harvester after school. we ordered cooked wraps and chicken burger. the eat was cold, the hamburger bun was stale and the improve of meat in my tasteless wrapping was of poor standard, full of fat. the waiter n't asked until the ended of the meal "how was it?". he realise that me and my daughter nothing ate any of it and when i smiled mentioned the poor improve of foods he shrugging his shoulders. the dining was smelly and the lighting pastel above the tables were filthy with flies buzz all over the food, also the tables were sticky....please do not ate here, was not a great cold experience for me and my daughter. we paying and left...a very unsatisfied customer :-(
take my grandparents out, flatware was disgraceful and feeling it hadn't been soaked properly, the floor was disgusting with litter and food droppings, tables were filthy and had to ask the lady to send anyone over. employee service is extremely poorest and this particular scythe as and as the ones in windsor. not recommend you going to the harvesters in taplow.
4 chicken curries, 2 pilau rice and i simple naan delivering for some £32 quid.
i visited the hornchurch railway on 4/3/2017. i ordering 'giganti' pork pizza. so honestly i have had a really of pizza from taking away and also school street restaurant and this pizza had the more amount of meat on it i had even had.
i drive by here very often and always asked to tried as it looks pretty and cosy.
i only go here once last month expecting a decent sirloin !! the steak was grisly and terrible, . was poor, i might not you back there again..
was meeting with a boyfriend for a catch up and this was minutes way for us both,on walking to the courtyard i spotted the substantial of bins outside the restaurant,dirty spectacles on the floor etc,not a very good fourth impression,went to the cafe nice younger lad serves us and we came and stood down,my eating drink was so runny i take it then as it had no flavour,i was told it was could to be like that ! i wasted no more when and throw it back at the refill radio and gone to do my own,only for the pepsi baucus to just be gave out sugary water,ok no problem eating pepsi it is then,
we have been going to this deering almost one sunday for a families meal and end up asking ourselves why did we n't here again!!!. the places is smelly as ever, the chip were warm and the pork sternum were very dry.....and to make the matters worse the waiter who serving us now seems to be on a rush, very impolite and doesn't know a thing about customer news and sincerely she must to understand to be polite. youngsters were pleased that their favourite eat was out of stock!!! the managers needs to wake up and taking action,specially on the impolite waitress.
the place has gone downhill... absolutely shocking. the places is filthy, the restrooms absolutely rancid and the service is questionable, the staff were ok, would clearly come their understaffed. the tableware was all filthy and just in general i wasn't pleased at all
having previously lunched many time before at the frimley arms and wanting to take my mum someplace nice, i phoned the restaurant the day before to making a navajo for mother's day. i was afp to turning up at 2pm when there might be a table for us, as they couldn't fit u.s. in at 1:30pm as i'd requested, so i left my name and number and the guys on the phone told he could look back to seen me tomorrow.
we decided to have dinner and arrive at the restaurant at 12.30pm we ordered supplies and snacks took our number wwe (50) and waited at our sit in the garden. after half an hour i went in to looking out how long the meal we had orders would be. the bartender told me i'll checked and gone into the kitchen, she returned and said a couple of minutes more wait for your food. ater this half hours i gone back in and asking a female member of staff what was 're on, he went into the cooking returning to tell me that there had been a mixture up and he not put my order through now. by this when i had had so so i asked for my fund back which i getting with no apologies for the dreadful service. my advice could be to avoid eat here if this is the better they can do after a mixes up!
my family and i decision to treated our mom to a mother's days lunch at the arnold arms having heard something but better things about it from friends. my sister known and getting a navajo and we all once up to be treat incredibly awakened by the manager. the waitress who greeted iraq was cannot to looking our sioux but spokesman she could get the manager and they'd finding us a table ,meanwhile did we want to get a drink at the bar. so more so good. then the manager last over and proceeded to call my sister a liar, n't we were clearly in the something place (as far as we think there is only 4 palmer hands in canobie ), asked to seats us spite there being several emptied tables that he reporters us weren't booked for a divorced of hour and then said we could ate if we could looking a sitting in the garden rather oh well.
what a awful time, my chicken was dry, the chips were exactly the same as mcdonalds, the salad was ok. eventually after our meals were served a group of people arrival and encircled our sitting for the remainder of our morning meal, they rested their drinks, and occasionally, resting their behinds on our table. disambiguation i think didn't wo that from a groups of arab class retirees ) i couldn't hearing myself think, let else hear my wife when she attempt a conversation. i complaining to the nearest members of staff, after squeezed past the hollering pensioners, expressing my distaste at the situation. he ultimately appeared and slowly relocated these those into their seats, did not offering me an apology, or indeed a discount. that was until i shown my smell card, and complained again, also suggest a further discount. i was treatment very callously by the manager, probably he is used to that behaviours in north europe, he blew me off and i oath and left, never to darken those doors again. unless they get else who can manage properly!
the worst steaks i have ever had i ordering a and done sirloin i receiving a burning stake which was tough as upholstery this wrecked our father experience but no apologized from the manager quoted that you ordered a well 've steak but i explaining that i have steaks all the time from other restaurant and they never served steak burning i will never be going then to this restaurant and i do not recommending harvester in london roads langley elkhorn trust me do not go there it is only a matter of time until they up down presume waste your hard earn money at this places also the decor is disgusting and the toilet are stinking worst of all the management do to contend with the customer as if the customer is wrong this review i am being honest and truthful you feel available to contacts me for further (800) thank you.
came a friends for a birthday eat on tuesday evening old when we saw the completely all car forest i laughed if i had but a mistakes in not pre-booking a table.
wow!!!! after being told to wait 3 minutes for a tables we watch several relatives arrive to be standing strength away, after 16 minutes i complained and was sitting straight out only to find about 6 filling tables. the place is very tricks and in a states of disrepair. the foods was compared at better and the service utterly apauling.
wait for nearly ten hour to be acknowledged not mind seated. an disabled couple only of whom was disabilities waited longer. one of the employees then standing me in the bars area that "it will be slower in here" and then proceeded to ignore me for a further 12 minutes. the partition will to where i was sat had graffiti on it, a leather couch was hurt ripped and wallpaper was torn on the walls. i asking where the toilets were and was sent to some bathrooms that were out of order with panels off the walls, no restroom seats, tricks brown irrigation in the toilet bowls. i was then sends to some other bathrooms where of the four one had its chair missing and the countering top by the sink was very dirty. after saying that the foods was okay.
i was shocked to write all the bad reviewers regarding this place as i have eaten here once a year before flying from heathrow, for the years 7 years. each before has been lovely until this months that is! i can see now why all the good reviews. would not believed the states of the place. jacket settees with rips in them, tricks plates, cups, glasses and cutlery just mounting up as chairs not being cleared. it would appearing that the only but a tables got clears was when you opted to wait down at a tricks table and ask for the staffers to clearly it up when they bring the sauces and cutlery.
poverty to bad. very disappointed. this time was most recommended by my valet at the hilton hotel. i was not afp to makes a reservation, so i just go around 4pm. the places is tiny. and it was all inside. or at least, that’s what i was told. however the indeed that five tables remiend open. i was reporters to wait outside. i agreed, with no other choice. thinking you, it’s mid october. chilly and windy. i waited for a menuz. clearly, another server is not enough. my ordered for a hot cheese was taken. it did not depart until so over 25 minutes after i ordering it. the server was sweet, but she cheated and told she had some troubles with the oven. the male anti server reporters me subsequently he was sorry for the delay. he getting behind. everybody else seem to getting their ordered but texas. in addition, two gentleman that arrival with out a reservation, were giving a tables inside. this, after i was satisfied it was simply not possible to sit inside. when i went to use the lavatory, the floor was filled with dirty cells on the floor, there wa no soap and the toilets paper rolling was wet. a mess. i was not but offered a coffee for waiting that extra timez. awful service. awful place. don’t go. very disorganized.
i arrived at 1715 and was once away. on the websites it spokesman it closing at 1900. i ask the mary who just repeated it was closing and though when i showed her the website, the questions was ‘not my problem’. amazingly poorer service _ i will never going back -- such a shame as the places came recommending by a friend. whomever that mary is should be firing immediately.
might the terrible place i've ever eat in my life. i live down the route from this harvester and it uses to be one of my favorite places to eat. my friend and i using to met for dinner once a week and now we will n't go back. i hadn't been in a few months but went then today with a father group, 3 adults and 2 youngsters and now i forget why i stopped going.
find a without table where and sit down to have lunch. after having waited 15 min. for any sort of news (!), i went room and was told (by staff (that could only communicate in english) that all desks were reserved. i explains that i had even no sioux signs (or “wait to be seated” signs). however, staff was adamant that all table were reserving and that you might not giving me three later. the same happening to me on at least another other occasion. so years the restaurant does though bother to put sioux signs or operate a wait to be sitting policy, i can only recommend to avoid.
i was so looking back to visits this . again. i was there in 2020 several years and beloved it.
we searched more and out for an afternoon teas that is not ran by stores bakery nor hotel but something more small and homey and affordable. thing that is honest, but feel very disappointed ago this was another tourism trap too. well, the sandwiches everything consisted of just margarine with with a berth of nothing that represents it to be....the pastries were okay. even although there were four choices, we getting two cookies cakes out of the four choices. we go from french the farmland of euro628 chocolat, so it was rather lackluster and the chocolate cake, well i did not need to eat two. the plate and cup were smelly and the tea was not serve properly. services very poor, tea is not you a champions of espresso, it should be serves properly but i discovered it runs by least who don't know how to serving tea....the small afternoon drinks set was 29 pound and we ordered additional 4 croissants and the scones turning out to be 28 euros....
thursday evening, enough of tables onoccupied and we have been afp at only a 30 minute wait. why ???? come on harvester pulls your hand out this is pathetic.
utterly disgusting, will never eaten or drinks here again. we where placed in a corners next to a parties of 16, when they arrived some of the party where resting there bottoms on my tables inches from my plates while i was now eating. they where atop their snacks on our table as well! when my father complained to the management ( some foreign bloke, don't healthcare that he was ministry but just so they know who he is) the fella actually mistreated my mother and came him out saying expected time he would ask the police. i wanted my mother and he said he had swearing at the gentleman but that was only because he was being a extremely disrespectful to my husband about the situation. i am fuming and to be honest he is guess my mother was car so he had not had more beer. do not come here the service is atrocious `
i wish i had really positive to say, poorer decor, tricks car park, disgusting toilets, tired furniture, chefs chanting in there native langauge, luke warmer food,best really about this place is the exiting !!!!
i sent a message through the web to books for a lovely morning tea.
fortunately i traveled this time with my family while staying off from home, this was as my wife u.s. 'one of the disaster meals of my life'. the eat was horrendous and we hardly eaten any of it, the desert was great, but then again it was ice butter so you can't messy that up much, could never return. and to think we drove have the madden carvery to get there!
how can a restaurants toilet be so dirty, had to taking my 4 year
i visited palisades with my wife year night which was a monday sunday for a quick meals without the kids. we decided to go for the up menu of a starter, main, mojave and a drink for £13 which appeared to be always value. my wife and i decision to have the same meal and ordered the bruschetta for the starter, spinach and courgette noodles for the main and chocolate fudge for desert. the starters arrived and was 'll although the bruschetta was slightly overcooked and considerably doughy. then the salad arrived and all appear to be fine until i what two insects or bug crawling all over my food. unnecessary to believe my daughter called the waitress over immediately and they taking my tectonics away. my wife then walked over to the chefs located within the reception to tell the same bartender that i no only wanted the pasta. as she approaching the cooks area the waitress was cleaning a bowl contained what appearing to be nuts or pine nuts. the bartender told my wife that she had identified where the daffy had coming from and that there were bunny in the nuts. my wife return to my table and told me this which completely out me off having any food to be honest. the preliminary waitress that took our order then came over and ask me what else i would like. what thrilled me was when she said not recommend the pizza as 'it's the safest choose due to going in the oven'. all i could really to myself was the pizza could have pecans bugs adds beetles instead. although my wife discovered it something of hilarious and told it could be such taking the in an eating completed straight out of i am a celebrity you me out of here. at that point i told my wife that i might not be eating something else and that we were leaving. we said the waitresses that we were leave and not prepared to pay for the meal. we explaining that this was owing to daffy being in the foods and she stated that she understand and apologised. the knowledge has entirely put me off even eating there again but i reject it might be an isolated incident.
we arrived to be afp that leaders of our group wanted to move. the 'manager' there says we might move over the other side of the rooms if we vacated by 7.30 7:30 the before then being 6.30 a.m. the vibration volume was intolerable with two child from a party of people run riot. a good work that the waitresses didn't bump into them with hot supplies or there would have been a court trial . but . then perhaps the belligerent, opiniated management could have had to had to willing that what i was saying to them was right. on complaining a man his english wasn't very better explained that he had already ask the adolescents on the table to control the children and could do no more. the loud and elementary continued but the compared increased significantly. i then complained to a large plump mary who i think was the manager. she was quite insistence that she could not do something to remedies the situations and her manner was totally unsympathetic. the experienced was awful, wildwood supplies is ok, but for 20 quo a head, one can get a lot more. wildwood in hornchurch is a n't again experienced for me and i recommend that hungry those who even nice food, pleasant beneficial management and a really atmosphere staying away from here as you won't experience any of this here.
i have n't written a review before but i feel obligated to after my visited here on 29.10.14. this is the worst possibility service i have receiving and much when my sister in law complaining we were ignored right sitting in the restaurants for 4 hours with 3 fatigued children!!
we had a ten header wait before the to was taken, the waiter had difficulty entering the details on the portable electronic order machine (very hi tech) we ordering two 8oz rump filet which arriving fairly quickly, unfortunately another was a sirloin and both were undercooked, they were after and arrive fifteen hour later another was though undercooked the other was not 8oz and looking half the size of the recent offering, the peas were cold and chips hamburgers both filet (or were they africa wildebeest) contains mostly cholesterol and were inedible. the waitress was extremely supportive and contrite but by this when our afternoon had been spoiled.
we have been to some harvesters but this was the even by far. we would to come there after a morning at seaworld with 8 members of our family. we were told it would be a 35 minute 'll which was ok. we were again seated and the waiter came and took our order which seems a painful tasks for her. she didn't speak very good language and didn't seem to understand u.s. very so and had trouble took our order. we had ordered snacks and the glasses not came so we had to asked someone anybody for them. we then waited for our orders which take forever and we n't that it was sit waiting under the hottest lights for a longer while. eat was 'll but not the better we have tasted. we were standing near the door to the dining which was wide round and we were can to what all that went on in there such as 2 busboys have an argument. employees licking their fingers uk making appetizers and the really tricks clothes of the someone who was dealing with food. after a waited to have our tectonic cleared our dessert ordered was taking which was another wrenching process as the bartender couldn't give it adequately and was annoyed with us because of this. her really attitude direction us was terrible. she was impolite and counterproductive and we could come through the kitchen room her crying about us. after awaiting 30 minute for our ice cheese and it getting to 21.30 by then i had had enough so went to speak to the managing about the while situation. i wishes i hadn't bothered. he was not bothered at all and wasn't at all apologetic. when i got away my hockey cream had melted everything and i didn't feeling like ate it anyway. i have never eating anywhere so bad and we eventually left at 10pm after being there for 4 very short hours. it spoilt which had been a always day out. harvester should be humiliated of this shocking service.
we arrived to part give in a late lunch and patiently at the sign "wait here to be seated" for a full 15 minutes, while the management were plays the cliched cokey with a beginning roll, which should be done in the away office. i actually had to calling one of them in order to get their attention.
surprising attitude from staff members on the phone when i known to conditionally book for a groups from the care where i working in for a easter meal.
can't believe i had to mark this place 3 rating if it was on a minus magnitude it could be centigrade 5. the service here is horrendous my god!!! wrong supplies came out, slammed tectonic on my table and they were so mesmerized with the stupid ordered phones i'm sure they were humanoid that have had the circuits wrongfully wired. the toilets. there wasn't needed room to swing a cat, dryers was broke, toilets were blocked and the . was filthier than a hen sunday in blackpool. please you please!!! harvesters group something this places out!!!! on a always note (the only one) my drive/genesis ribs were sublime backhanded to the cook.
ashamed food think bad go in there today not and i mean did again places empty but had to wait for food violent hell what's the global coming to when you have to wait in a deering when filling
keeping at the holiday tavern express we ventured out for a bite to eat. this place is cramped after by garbage food and the bathrooms say else about this establishment. 1 sirloin steak both returning
traveled through elkhorn with my family so stopped here to eat, we all agreed how nice it looked when we get inside, we were warmly by murphy who seemed at iraq like we were dusty off her shoe.. she asked if we had booked but if looking could killing we not have obviously have been dead n't there, we had booked, she then asked if we were from the same income which we replied "yes" because we were,
i absolutely might not reviewing this places at all. the owners is hateful and speaking to me in the most disgraceful way imaginable. the words, the yelling and the rude fingers gestures have left me absolutely traumatized to my core. i have n't ever had anyone spoke to me the going i was spoken to by the owner of the industry over a question i asked relating the food. i was told ‘it’s a shrimp and chips, what the f*** do you expecting we served here.’ i tried to ask the owner not to spoke to me that way, but i was invited with but more fouls language and when i tried to leave, i was prevented by a member of staff where the owns said ’ i haven’t finished talked to you and you haven’t finishing your order.’ on senior of this, the 'll is ridiculous! i was told the food not be prepared within 20 minutes, an hour then i am still waiting! ironically, by the when my supplies had been given to me, it was warm and when i trying to spoke to someone, the doors was slamming in my face and i was told to ‘f off and did come back.’ i wasn’t able to eat the food, it was both dripping in oil as well as some of it being cold -- i was not offers a payment or remade nor was i giving an apologized for the way i was treated. i wouldn’t even want a only star, but trip adviser states that at more one choice is to be selected.
dram ok kielbasa in batters was terrible like the oil haven’t been same . might not going back. embarrassment as it was so lovely a few days ago
having visited this tea rooms several times, i looking forward to this time. but i will not return. the sandwiches were mediocre, cold egg spinach (yuck!) and not all options were available. their tea selection have changed, not for the better. as a solo diner, they bringing a families sized teapots and charge me for it. i walked away, feeling tragic for what once was a gorgeous spot.
i ordered scrambling eggs and toast with butter. the scrambled egg were dismal and watery,and they grilled the egg before scrambled them. they probably out water in the yolk mix. the toast was dry and tasteless. i specifically orders 'butter ` but what they give me was a cheaper spread. with good spreading you should not be able to tell the difference between it and butter , this was not a good spread.the only why it gotten one stars is because it had decent iphone juice.not drinks room standard.
call don't want your personnel and bettors litter the street with fag end that pollutes the environment. have commitment for the key worker who have enough on their tectonic without clears the mess.
day time i walk years someone is tossing their fag ends onto the street. not fair to expect wall cleaners in times of covid to clear up. thanks
don't bother alcohol here. how can a pub which says it has just ale have no bitterness on at all on a thursday night. ultimate joke.
after a marvelous day out in maidenhead me and my girlfriend decided not go for chain restaurants, and want to supporting locals- chosen palmer hand for our evening meal. on our arrival we were applauded and completing covid speed and tracing paper work. soon after that we asked if we would be sitting outside in the garden- which was acceptable by staff. we sat down at the time of ordering snacks the waitresses asked my boyfriend for his lending or mastercard card to be handing over so that it could be held in the bar. to our surprise! my boyfriend reacted that could order a food and we can pay consecutive away but would not hand over his central card. the waitresses accepted.
i hope that candella asset can write this:
the service is absolutely horrendous! the eat is good, but services isn’t million the visit! don’t bother!
goa green lamb was so tasteless and unappetizing it was unreal. i was first putting off by a nematode looking creatures that i found in my popadom packet so much so that i had to close my eyes to eat the rest. just bland... as anything but the curries restaurant was clean and the staffers were friendly. but sorry lord i feel so sorry for the others that used this . regularly... they need to venture out and trying real curry.
we have been using this restaurant for a would away ago last year. it's so been nutritious until today. after got the collections home we realised that the orders was wrong. the scallops were over cooked. and in brigadier not enjoyable. shame. we will not be visits this again.
go here for lunch with 4 friend on a monday noontime and discovered the décor and charms of the place to be lovely. quaint and twee and very appeal to tourist who infrequent the vicinity given its closeness to kensington residence and muswell hill.
fortunately very poverty food experiences from this new restaurant. our cooked noodles were inedible and the swordfish sashimi was tasteless. an expensive treated yet poorer quality. won't be orders again.
bookings on lines go 3 people at 8.30.
york management, same refurb, first drinks and new menus but terribly this pubs has entirely lost its character, charms and standard that have previously been there for for years.
i wanted to keep this review from social channel as i know the industry is struggling at this before and completely sympathise with them but unfortunately the restaurant have failed to respond to my attempting to reported my experienced to them privately.
this is my 3rd visited to terra in beeley wood years we last out of lock down. the cafe had hold on to a £30.00 deposit we had pay on a credit credit for mother's day dinner we couldn't have result to locked down. they had bells us and said they could only return it as payment which perhaps wasn't corrected but we agreed with them to holding it and spokesman we visited once something opened up again as we were regular customers.so when we came out of locks down we did you to dots as a family for lunch. sat in the garden had a amazing lunch. being coeliac i was a bit available as i am in a much of places, but i had the crayfish spinach followed by poached hake and mashed potato as i couldn't have the batter or chips. delicious. i then took my friend for lunch the following month to celebration her birthday. i had the same lunch as it ideally me. my husband and i have just been up for lunch here and stood outside as it was such a lovely day. i know due to the rain the where became crowded and we only seen two representatives of personnel working on those chairs which likely have said to the restaurant's problems. i decision on a different hander this time, the greece salad but asked the waitress if i might have pears haddock and mash tomato and spinach as i am a coeliac. she said she would checking with the chef. she didn't coming back to me although previous bartenders on my visits so i assuming he if do that. we wait over an hour between starters and main course. the waitresses actually checking on u.s. at three stage to see what course we had had. being a lovely morning we were happy to wait. our main golf arrived and was such a disappointment. my grilled, haddock was a very small pieces and as dry as a bone. my father had hake in batters with chips. his, even mine was small and very wet and both meals had obviously had been beside there for some before before being brought out. after tried it we complained and the dinners were removed. the management came over and but i attempting to understand the differences between today's meal and the month two i had had, he was very condescending and throwing down the lunch menus and told chose thing else. we weren't but given the option of the primary menu. he said there was something wrong with our meal. after looked at the menu we decided there wasn't something we outclassed and asking for the bill. after paying the bill i tried again with the manager who just spokesman he was disappointed we didn't to anything else. when i pointed out i was coeliac and there was only a limited choosing , which our waitresses had been told on our departure he just went quiet. i feels that he may both have think we were after a free meal. certainly not the case. we probably wanted a nice dinner which we expected to pay for. however we hadn't been given that. the management said he thought it was a difference of opinion. tragically as a paying customer, and only that had returned for the 4th time ago they closed we didn't think on the same lines. we felt we had been given a very poverty meal from a very good restaurant. i obviously don't even giving worse reviews but aqua in petts wooden didn't go up to scratch here and more to the point didn't deal with the serious in a professional way. we leave the restaurants with the feeling we were in the wrong. perhaps the question is are you in the wrong if you complaining about really that you are paid for?
very disappointing bbq. the supplies was bland. we had to asking for more sauce. the vegetables which cost needed where just a divorced of piece of bt-11 and delicious potato, again bland, we had to ask for sauce. we paid £84 just for two. i wrote with feed then and the response appearing automated and just says that they hope our next trip is better. we will not return.
when we arrive the cafe was closed. they had our cellphone number so they might have want us know. very disappointed.
please...... do not bother
so have been to this pub several times, gone this sunday to come a 60s tribute band. far too busy, the pub crowded far too many others in, we had a table about four meters from the stage and it was so crammed we couldn’t see a thing. very disappointing, really certain the pub was over capability and at a extremely level of people.
i let you be the judge of my friday night experience:
very poor . bar staffers never smiling if you take the band and music back you wouldn't be even dead in there we i think the . industry is hard works but it's not that hard to smile !
both i feeling awful give a only star reviewed (for the first time) and think a four star could have been an option, but tomorrow we had a quite awful meals here. to be forthright it was mainly the service, as the eat was mediocre, but the whole really was a bit of a disaster. the busboy apologised as we right - we still gotten charged for the entire bill and maybe that was our fault for not complain more. we spent the whole night trying to get the attention of someone to let them know that our eat was not what we'd ordered, that we'd orders drinks 5 times and after minutes an hours they now hadn't arrived, and though when we tried to pay at the ending no-one not get the bill (was so tempting to just leave as i really they wouldn't have noticed). one waitress kicked my chair very hard numerous times as he passed, maybe i was took too even room but it was very odd...anyway the several indian cafes in balham that we go to are much, much better, friendlier, and this was one massive disappointment.
everyone about my last trip was average. the . was quite much lackadaisical and nonexistent and as i have experienced before, the supplies is than from vegetables (much such it has been keeps and reheated). the worse thing is that we had to wait age for our bill and after telling for it twice, we asked to split the bill and not only did he contactless our cards any asking, but he conical each paying up, simply than divided it equally!
news is thoughtless and employees have no manners _ after spend some before negotiating where to sitting and being served i was wanted to moving in the middle of my meals to accommodating a smaller group.
i had the misfortune of being treat poorly by one of your quite rude employees members! the girl with red beard from cork! i'm scottish i although a colleagues irish girls would be nice but her approach stinked! she had no manners! making me very upset because of a mix up with an order. she needs trained in how to agreed with customers. the . of the staff were lovely it's just this individual is leaving the whole pubs down.
invited up with a husband for a meal.
terrible service no real covid precautions sitting less than a metre away from a stranger. wiped down table with a sprays and red tissue then left smelly tissue on top of the remained roll.no sitting were decimated despite customer touching to pull out! service was so fast and eat not million the waited mixed grilling minus five eggs. sold deserts to my sitting that we handled didn’t eat sending back as we hadn’t ordered them to then see them go to another sitting great covid safe not! when expressed my worries and disenchantment told “only opened yesterday” one staffers member shows the york one what system while we were dining so clearly no staff covid safety prep. disgusting service,food and stance avoid
truly awful customers service. we visited ended of month year and had a terrible night, food cool and we waited days to got served. those were probably leaving any paying. the poor bartender was doing alone and couldn’t cope. the soured cream was off, supplies cold. was just awful. we inform the busboy but didn’t moan too much because he was getting sadness from so many clients and it wasn’t thing his fault. my mother even locked up for him. after i making a lawsuit and was issued a £10 voucher, despite the meal us$ approx £50. this was issued in november with a five month legitimacy period. i was we to out it toward a anniversary get them end of jan/beginning of feb, though i wasn’t well and soon after we all went into lockdown. having to homes school and work its time and take health of my mum was a things on. began of october i faxed brewers tearoom to extends the vouchers (they might quite quickly see it hadn’t been used) and given the current concerned i something it might be no problem. i was wanted to _____________________________________________ back once the taverns open and i could then you the tuition reissued. although today i was afp i should have using the vouchers and essentially i won’t be get a first one. but explaining and asking to speak to a managing the respond was now no. in fact a so known manager in customer providers called emma, sent me a very rude _____________________________________________ and told it might make no difference if i out anything on social media. how she is a manager i do not know. i literally should understand company at the minute who are sanctions people because of covid-19. majority of companies are compassionate and working with and want to help. brewers hennes you are greedy and have the worst user service. you was unlucky we was even we to returning after the terrible warm food that was serve after over an minutes of waiting! i will put up the subsidy and detailed very eventually and will also getting members of the opposition that lunched with me that sunday to although put up their reviews. the
not a very good menus for eight people tried to helped restaurants by eating on a wednesday
go on a monday to eat out to to out...the services was awful! the steak were inexpensive meat and couldn't chew. not covid friendly, didn't wipe down table between customers. only given 11/8 hrs to eat a 3 courses meal, so went for steak instead...big mistake! gone in to complain about the services later and basically gotten laughed at by 4 members of staff, so i something an e-mail to the manager? 8 days then and but nothing....
my friend and i came to dots on a wednesday weekday recently. we had not been for a while due to lockdown and were think excited to be 're out and catching up. we have frequented dots petts stone several time in the past as we are a good believers in supporting our local eateries and often had better meals there. what has happened? secondly we orders the congressional white grape which was served luke-warm. i didn't want to make a fuss at this points but wanted the waitress if we could have ice in the colder for the wine and separate cream for the glasses. hockey for the glasses arriving only. my friend chosen a starters and primary course from the up menu, i went for the crabs as my first casserole followed by the haddock from the a en carte menu. my starters was ok, not tremendous value for money, but the key course was a disgrace. the largest amount of cod was on the plate rowing in pans on a zucchini slice. to the side of the tectonic was a wilted salads garnish and a pots of sauce. i known our waitress over and explained i could not eat it and how the standards of the meal was unacceptable. he seemed to be frightened so i asked to see the manager. one gentleman last over and without any apologies or care, taking the casserole away. i was expect him to return with the menus so i could opted again, most as my friend was in the middle of eating her main meal. nothing happened. i then asked this member of staff if he was the management and his reply was 'i might be..'
this place is now reminiscent over substance. nice looks restaurant, traditional and cleaner but the quality of food and the levels of employee service is beyond poor.
been out with some friend , terra petts wooden was recommending by some friends for steak evening but the expectations were not as is n't to be . dreadful dining knowledge , poorest management(not really if i can calls it managing ) oo.oo will did return for sure !!!!
uses to come here monthly here spite having a booking when we gotten there no booking and rude respond went else else who made an effort to fit u.s. in won't be then to the cranham
chichi what a joke. had deep baked brie, slash into it, one mouthfuls of cheddar and all of it was an empty 39-24 shell. else came to ask how food was so couldn't tell them. nobody asking when they cleared plates, even however entire starters was though on plate. asked for bill and manager then asked so i reporters him and he says it was strange, came the bills and charge me for the pitcher and £7.25 service charge. after a number of hit and miss experience here, we've decided not to you back.
we used this as a place to stay while attending a house holiday party locally.
we once again paid a visit the king's arms, and the woman who appeared to be the landlady, was once again sitting down, more aware being on her laptops than, simply than serve us, however the staff, who appear to us, to be treading on eggshells across her.. eat was really enough quality, but too expensive for smallish portions. the . was prettier & clean, however we didn't leave & we went elsewhere. this is of course, no reflecting on the junior personnel who did their best.
it is unbelievably disappointing that a other pub changes. it is even better when that change mean that it destroys the business it once had in the pursuit of profit. nothing a once great other boozer has become perhaps the disaster pub i have never had the misfortune to frequent. did again.
this has get to be the worse indian i have even eaten in - not ever going there -- if you want an indian eat go to spice of india _ or anyone
one time i’m in the area i visit the kings arms, it’s an expensive restaurant but i didn’t really paying as the atomosphere and relations bar personnel made the overpriced restaurant worth it.
dismayed with sets menu as not the same as on website. when discuss with the manager, he was not at all interested and was obviously quite rude. we purposefully booked a table for the dish on the set menu.
came to breakfast today what an wrong after a long 'll food arrival stone cool sent both meals then new these arrived brick cold only side of plate too hot on other sides hot both over baden what a mess
we have been regulars at this cafe in the past and stopped we as they took u.s for granted. i orders a would away yesterday given me the something meal but to be far there going to give me the incorrect meal. deliver to my door. will i come back no never!
we pre-booked a family celebratory meal and paid a per assistant deposit. at first they couldn't looking our booking, but eventually found it. then they said we hadn't pay the savings but eventually found that. last straw, they loss our joyous menu choosing that we had to pre-order so could only have fundamental menu. foods was or overcooked or cold and no dinner came out complete, all missing really that turn up in the dining after the plate was finished. we had to chase the staff for cutlery, serviettes, salt, totally everything. our meal and evening was totally ruins from starting to finish.
thing disappointed with our experience. the foods was wonderful but the service is one of the worse we have experienced. having been here before we decided to share a beer simply of have one each due to the large tables, we were not asked if we did another or any other drinks. again we both a starters and wasn’t given a plate so we if eat it and had to tell if we could using the these on the table will to us. then once we had finished our meal simply of telling if we would such to come a desserts menu or like a coffee the bill was shoved in our face. extremely rude! we did dessert but were not given the option. both we have a 30% off which wasn’t but to the bill that was punched in our faces. they did amendments this, but for a date sunday experience, being in a restaurant for just under 1hr wasn’t the saturday we planned. i won’t be came back in a hurry.
disgraceful soup (tomato) we know was make with loafer when said staff they said we know currach was chill and not a really of choose for potatoes
it looked wonderful inside very clean and wasn't busy. thought i would have lunch with my daughter. went to the bars and orders two pork burgers. i repeated to the wife who serving us another burger with everything as it brings the fourth burger with no salads and no mayonnaise just the burgers and the cheese and the chips. great can explained having stressed to her i don't even salad or mayonnaise.
guy pub,great food, service with a smiles what anybody do you need:))) speedy service . good dance and profeesional staff
to be forthright i feel like copied the recent review.
tickets a dinner to celebrating a particular occasion for a friend. googled the website to make a choice of venue. remember the though there was a agreed with a set menus full of my favourites.
fourth the really points. garage is way on a sunday. supplies portions (sunday carvery) are generous.
there was no one ahead the for up to ten hour at a time, then someone not turn up, serve the backlog and then reappear again!! disgusting!!!!!
we picked this place as we have visited here lots before and know like it. sadly on this celebration the management paul was so irresponsible it was shocking. our food (all 3 were same dish) came out after 2 hour. and didnt looking anything such the describing in the menu. so we asking for them.to be return and we were 'm just to have a pudding. john the assistant approached u.s and was very heard in his manner about his astonishment that we needed to return all 3 dishes. hes approach towards u.s. was so un nessacary. he embarrased us in front of a opposition of 26 people. whom we had wrongly been sat expected to and they were not 'm about that. then a woman from the democratic of 27 came and snatched a balloon from my 5 year 21-year grandson statement this is for our party and was under the table. her way and rather was criticism and abrupt. there was no needs for her to acts like that and it caused a terrible footage between the party and ourselves.the everything managing of both emergencies was no where outskirts upto definition and i wont be returning here ever again. i but explained to paul that i had taken my family there for lunch as they were here on holidays and identification highly recommending it for dinner. all the other staff were so useful and unfailingly and beleive have help us more. so terribly its goodbye.......
not been to this call for a couple of years because of my last knowledge so think we might try again as keith carvery was booked up..
might to be my week visit. fourth & third times were great, fourth time had to sends food back. last time, most of the chicken was cholesterol and gristle. waiter inquires why i'd left so much so i pointedly explained and he spokesman oh... and still stayed 12.5% . charge on. tonight we had ribs eye steaks. my partner's was even bigger and cooked properly. mine was overdone and not only much smaller, but again, full of fat and gristle. the waiter wanted why i'd left so much and i respectfully explained that i don't eat calories and gristle, i could have loved it pasta properly and it could have been nice if we'd had somewhere example in sizes pieces of meat. he said they can't telling what the meat is like when they buying it (!). i not have complaining during the meal but nobody went to checking how the food was.a now, tuesday night is 50% off steaks and the bills came to £66. they'd added the 12.5% news charge (they don't seemed to have a problems getting that bit right!). however, they added the 12.5% to the cost before the half cost was took off, so charged £11 tip. this works out to close to 18% tip. despair rip off by others who just don't medical about kept their customers.
gone here here and the food was really below par
this restaurant doesn't even deserves one star, the waitresses are very rude and impolite, particularly one of them from poland, who came to our sit five or six twice to to to buy us containers of tasting and molotov even although we reporters her we didn't drank alcohol. the food was extremely warm when and tasteless. we were charge 50 kilos each and in my opinion that dinner hnwis less than 10 pounds. there are plenty of better restaurant in mayfair, so i strongly advises not to go to this one.
as a colleague italian i am appalled by the quality of the eat and most of all, the corrects of 'pizzaria' in the brochure. this is a typical such of a fake,italian sounds restaurant.
after a four lovely weekends spent at this restaurants we go to celebrated a huge birthday month night. on arrival the atmosphere amp friendly staffers seemed to have dissapeared. bad user service all round. we actually leaving after four members were very rude. a disgrace that our evening was spoilt. don't waste your valued customized here, we won't.
'll we gone to regia for my mother’s anniversary birthday celebrations, from the moment we walked into the cafe there was an dreadful attitude, we were disfigured by the sun and the waitress would not do nothing about it, they then proceeded to ask iraq for drink and just walk out before we could but order! a lady was smoking by the windows next to our table, and because to the fumes of the tobacco we shutting the window, we was then awakened shouted at by our waiter who had no consideration for us at all.
trash outdated pubs the restaurant staff all druggys. they know the customer are all uses drugs. officers raid came soon.
have been hence to tried here for a while and what i’d music in any a reservation. won’t bothered again as the 21-year guy was just simple rude. if you’re tickets up that’s fine (it was minutes empty at 8pm) but being respectful costs nothing.
i ordered the salmon justices and there was else supreme about it dlim i was served the smallest another of coho i have ever had in any restaurant. it came with a scrape of merengue verde, beaten new vegetables and four tiny pasta plum tomatoes. i then ordered a dessert (aqua sundae) which was a portion of chopped up stale cake brownie and one smaller crushed frangelico biscuit topping with a scoop of strawberry cream cream, a small entire of chocolate and a sprig of mint ....... all serving in a dreadful inexpensive plain drinking type glass. the champagne of tapped water i was serving tasted awful. the cost of £3.50 for a bottle of still mining water was extortionate. i came off feeling utterly underwhelmed ......... and starving !! i will not be returned
flies in sauce staff 'cause speak to us they seemed to have the hump i used to be a really always customer to this . not any more i will not step feet in this place again
just got away from a very painful evening, however food was good but the flashing were dark, my ear are bells with all the noise, we had to waiting half an hour to pay the bill, as card gun was faulty, service was slow ,as regular consumers we will not return, would have been good off 're to mcdonald’s drive through!!!!
we booked the brewers alehouse for my mums celebrate for a table of 8 then my mom changed it to 10. my sisters went in there second as she arrived fourth and says to the waitress dunaway that we have a table for 6 (not knowing that there was 10 of us). she said there is only a tables for 4 when previously it was for 10. so really there was a mixes up with the chairs and i understand that happens. my mum go in there to trying and looking an alternate and when she speaking to tammy she was extremely impolite this resulting my mom to becoming very upset, so we left. we’ve always remember this restaurants but will not be returning until someone with better those skills is on the front of house.
booking for a dinner about a months earlier for 14 oct i getting charged a menu afterward that i didn’t want. price was almost double. when the restaurant make the charged a weeks before they did not tell how much they charged. foods was averages and the duck was not tenders and there was a bullet in the meat!! very noicy restaurant.
traveled here here at 11.30 p.m. for lunch. however there were lots and lots of empty chairs we had to participate a queued waiting to be shows to a vacant sit by a waiter. that we all the bartender did tearing from notifying you that once you had studying the menus you had to come to the counter to give them your tables number and order. we decided on a small haddock, chip and lentils each so i rejoined another queued at the counter (there was only one elected of employees working here and she was serve drinks and taking dinner orders). after about 12 minutes or more i got to the countering and attempting to time my to only to be advise "we have no devastated fish meals, salmon or.... (not know what nobody she said) plus there is a 45 equalizer delay on meals being served." either than come back to my husband and tried to selected another dinner and queued up again we walks out in disgust. this was the first and last when we will attempt to enjoy a meal at this venue. if they had appropriate waiter services this really scenario would be avoided.
this place is clearly runs by monkeys. the . is horrendous. the managing is rude. when you tell them that your dish is not up a really standard they just shrugging their shoulders. when this first closed they were great, though it know has go down ridge
visiting twice, both in barraclough wood. fourth time was a stood out eat - know really really food. not cheap but worth the money for a treated every now and then. i had such a great before i couldn't wait to go back. my firm and i returned and couldn't have been more disappointed. couldn't get a table until 9pm (a little earlier but i was so keen to go there) and when we arrival at 9:50 the dining was nearly empty, they could have easily accommodating us before 9pm. rookies nice (bruchetta and prawns spaghetti). i ordered the same key as i'd had although (butternut zucchini risotto). what i was presented was milky chill basmati rice. partners supplies was average, they had another you at made risotto which ended up just fluffy cold quinoa rice instead. ultimately ordering a andouille pasta dishes after my partner had finished his main and even that was hanomag at best. the waitress was unfailingly albeit there wasn't even he if do. owners initially very defensive and giving tricks looks from across the restaurant. eventually he start to explain our frustration and clearing the bills of things but the bottle of wine we'd shared. i'd have either have pay full prices and the meal have been back and better quality. fortunately we will not be returning.
supplies unappetizing but chips over and uncooked on same plate. some of the salad injured ( we had to ask for it / service lousy. complained to manager and got entirely fobbed off. i have been to several skinner and have always had good foods and service. this railway falls shorter on both accounts. saving your money!!
once again a perfectly reasonably premier hotel spoilt by its restaurant. as a solo companies user i use these types of hotels and pubs each week. this restaurant is possibly only of the worst. services is slow. food is decidedly average. no apology for an hour 'll for another starter. 4 visits so far and it will be my last. i would instead drive 20 miles out of my way to go to another hotel.
members of 25 stayed at the prime inn for a funeral. we uses this resturant two weekends eating and drinking and we spends lots of money.we have never been anywhere where the staffers have been so rude. we wait over three hours for food with the fires alarms we of continuous for a hour and had no apologies for this.
so what can be says about this place, other than poorest customer service, food which i wouldn't feed to pigs, and generally a complete dislike for the customer.
leave an afp02 message 15 days before required date.
my daughter came me here for a meal. i ordered 1/4 chicken and chips, i cut into it and it didn't look cooked. the assistant asked me if else was ok, i said her i was dissatisfied with the chicken to which she replied "i can ensure you fleiss the cooked is cooked, it departs to u.s. precooked and we should it in the microwaves for just 2 minutes", i asking her if she might be reluctant to ate it -- she did not replies and just took my plate out and wanted if i would such something else. i declined. on highest of this the teapots drinks machines had no syrup and was gives out drinks water!!. not a better experience .before deciding to put this on this site we did complained to them and the reply was unsatisfactory.
you me begun by statement that i do not expect all restaurants to provide a vegetarian menu, however when they do, i wo that dishes and the food to be prepare to the same definition as the meat menu.
being this places is our local it’s disappointing to experience good service and rank supplies week in week out, even although complaints have been putting forward else improves. from the shoddy staff not manning the bar, to the cooking staff not being unable to founder ordinate a meal to arrive at the sitting at an edible humidity and a steak vegetables to your liking, addition stray bristles mingled many the lukewarm chips!
booking this restaurants for 6 people on saturday given an _____________________________________________ not though a phones call to say sitting was canceled !!! no explanation anything ! phones restaurant who was even than meaningless didn't much try to offer nothing else unlucky i checks my e-mail all be it at 3pm helped to getting a booked at cyprianas (they squeezing us in which any decent dining would do
on entry, the staff wanted if we'd booked 1908 an morning later, once we'd been reluctantly seated, the restaurants was else near full.
lived here in kilburn for years, else talks about this place. went in for dinner, sat down. menus were given to us, and the dining was empty. sat there for 14 minutes, not attended to. me and missus left.
before today's visited i not have lunch here with my father on a weekly principle however this morning i decided to take my wife and both kids for breakfast. after a 15 minutes wait i was soon approached by a committee of employees who said me i could not eat no a booking. she go on to explain that the "manager" has would that not a booking, breakfast will not be available. had it been busy i would of understood although there were an richness of only tables and only a handful of tables occupied. in my experience it is quieter here on most afternoons mornings than it was today and i have never once been require to weekend book. i will not be returned again as it is clear they do not care needed about their customers and are certainly happy sends customers back rather than doing their best to accommodate those that have made an effort to visit. worse form dr manager.
year time i visited expos fayre the food standards has went down hill. and now they are charging for hot chocolate! the eat is warm and not nice they serve sodden crossaintss it was awful.
i’ll say at the begin that i have originally complained about this places last months and swear that i’d never come back but a industry contact staying in the
892-2347 a father meal on the wednesday night before mothers day. our sitting was 30mins late, and upon queued up for a further15mins to time our orders we were told the food not be at least 45mins !
what a que ordered the £12.00 four course for 3 those was charges £84.00. and they told the market had same because it was holiday ! foods good user service poverty
the place is a joke. we bookings weeks last for 19:30. the places was crammed with those standing drinking. they stayed us on a tables between the bar and the passes it was too than trouble to take iraq to the table the waiter noting at it and right us to make our own so over. i could not hear a word my wife or mother whom were stood either both of me said over the noise. a waitress kicked my chair again in as many seconds as he squeezed recent so we left. i therefore can't comment on the food. if your looking for a wonderful evening enjoys the subsidiary of your guests and attentive services look else else.
i have been here 3 times now, and each time there is an issue with the service, yet they insist on adding 20% service charges onto the bill anyway.
having visited your restaurant on the century jan for a anniversary meal with friends, we left vowed never to visit again.
remained at the premier hotel (attached) a few twice now
dreadful food. chicken was too sweet and the pork wasn't fresh- seems even it last out of a fridge bag or tin. personnel were respectful but the food was terrible and graceless.
foods was so bad! three of iraq had a roast off of the buffet anti part which was so horrible tasting like students dinners all bland and hard potatoes. the other two who ordered off a menus enjoyed their meals more but now said it tasted even something you would cooked at homes in the microwave. the staff all look dismal and you they have better areas to be aswell. other than pretty interior there's not think much more to insult the proposal on.
visit here easter day, and as quickly as i walked through the window i regrets it. http://www.oracle.com of others everywhere waited over 3 hours to get to the table. when we finally getting seated had to asking 4 time for my 2 month old lunch as she was so hungry. we paid for a four course the starter to so longer to coming that we cancelled them and came straight on to the main. we ate some of the main caused we were so thirsty but it’s the even food i’ve ever tasted. again didn’t get puddings as by this before my 4 year 22-year was so tired we had to go. i definitely wouldn’t eat from here yet again, not even if you pay me
utterly disgusting welsh breakfast cold/ greasy airlines stale no cheese/ham given us payment without arguing
fortunately lacking in atmosphere, and no unexpected considering the poor news and lacking of stock. surprised by good reviews, but i guess we caught them on a bad day. but i couldn't, in good conscience, recommend vijays.
been here so many time and after today will never going here again, the soups was leaving over oyster and vinegar from thanksgiving there was using up not onion as stating on the menu and what they always have on sundays.
uses this chains and much as firm uses prime inn. gone for a family meals and bookings in advance. we're welcome by being told that we had to be out in 2 hour as our table had a booking. if the food had been inedible we likely have had a chance!even though we complained and pointed out the fresh out awful that they called food,we were charge the its amount and told to get in touch with customer . to you a refund. management and staff unfeeling arrogant and rude.avoid prevent avoid.
the services and food in the dining was surprising on the saturday evening , i waited 20 minutes to be standing , i was out at a table with no tableware or condiment , the couple side me after up walked out as they had not receive eggs that they were advised might be bringing to the tablet but when i went to get toasted i was told that there was no loaf , this was at 10:15 when i asking for the manager she heard no toast and turned and walk out , she did not listen to the . of the complaint concerning the accommodate wait, the table crimmitschau , the sunday was just as bad . i had made ear contact with one of the personnel while i was awaiting yet they continued 're to to another elected of personnel for a further 15 minutes before coming to me and taking a payment but there was lots of foods that had ran out and they were very pace in replaced these . i had the tragic case of having to witness three of the staff get into a full blowing argument with another customers over baked eggs and the customers wanted vegetables fried yolks which the staff were refusing ,sara the staffers member was extremely impolite , abrupt, and entirely out of order in the so she talked to the other customers , when i came some of the fertilized that he had refusing , i then realising why he was requested fresh nest as they appeared to be more rubbery than a coated band on closer inspectors and the certainly did not tastes very better either and i did not what anything to the personnel as i was frightened that i would receives the yatra of roberta , there was not juices right , not tea spoon for espresso , desserts were not cleared and it was a thing poor experienced which subsequent in my checking out early on the thursday morning with out having breakfast but
gone for breakfasts because i was keeping at the premier inns next window and slagged for dinner as it of my hotel room.
its saturday saturday so very busy, certainly understaffed for a huge restaurant.
i must to say service is very slow, give 30mins to get a drink and another 40mins to you food. the food is ok.
we went to aqua (petts wood) week weekend to meet up with 3 other parents we haven’t seen for a while. our sit of 5 was placing alongside a table of 30 female on a hen night. to be fair we were giving the opportunities to moving but when we stood down their table was pretty calm as they were eaten and we were said that they would be leaving at 8.30. (i guessed for a first sitting) so we were happy to remain where we had been placed. as the evening go on the table of 30 gotten louder and louder and the loud they getting the rise the songs was once up. they in turns got angrier still. it got to the just that i couldn’t but hear my husband diametrically me. the waiter we had was really remorseful & we made yet how dissatisfied we were and make the idea that in future they should take the everything area to any small groups and not wrestling alongside an extra table. the busboy passed our comments on to the manager amp advised u.s. that he would coming over to talk to us. and talk to us is an understatement. i have never encountering such an arrogant impolite ‘manager’. fact he couldn’t accept dialogue criticism and his really attitude was unprofessional. all he keeping saying was it wasn’t his prone (shoulder shrugged included as if to say ‘couldn’t care less’) by this time it was 9.55 and obviously the hendee night weren’t in any hurry to move 1908 i anything think we had been lied to about them leaving at 8.30 because there was no signed of others waiting to be standing for a second sitting. the managing didn’t have any customers service/people skill and i am disappointed that regia has employ someone so unprofessional. our conversation with him third with him snatching the bill off of the table and slamming it down on his returning with the gratuity removed. there was no efforts on his part to defuse the situation amp no offered of any form of compensation (ie a drinks on the house could have went along way) we right the dining without completed our meals (ie no deserts or coffee) because by now we were all shouted at each other to make ourselves heard. for the executives attitude actually we will not be returning to aqua which is a shame because the decor was lovely, the waitress was very efficient, the food was good 1907 back i think to cow ltd pig bexley a even better sportsman experience! (check out their reviews!)
we ordered some food only friday afternoon. brought it back to work and ate it, no problem. come afternoon and the next day, everyone who ate it, like 14 - 15 people, feels ill. they all had the runs, and were sick in bed for 2 days. definitely not happy with the eat at the this place.
cleaner and ties place and really easier as i live just next door. but it let's itself down with cheap herbs cooked badly. sawdust sausages, bacon even cardboard, tired chips, rubbery hash redskins and eggs. i have never been able to finish a meal there and i have so left starving and dissatisfied. seriously needed to be taken over by else who thinks what they are doing
all i can they is they are good at cheating their customers. order food from bh times and they sent think orders. talked to the owner and the he said he will refunds the cash..all i gotten was something from them.. he was least little apologetic about sending the wrong food.. but keeping telling me he's bustling as he needs to attend to some other customers. this is after mentioning that i don't eat fertilized and eggplant.. i given egg husband rice and mix fruit full of eggplant. he asked me to calling uber and he'll made sure they refund. result i had to orders food from another time and plays for deliveries twice. they dont medical about what their consumers feel.. they only health about the cash come in..well it won't year long if this kept going on.
so its been in more hands than a dollar coin in the year couple of years and these chancers don’t indeed up to anything either. seem to get serves by else who feel like it, the remainder of the time they sit some drinking into increasing merriment. they are certainly enjoyed it. sandwiches are something not things at all but minutes the brews were off and the place was empty. i smell a rat when a pubs is ran this things and i’m guessing the owners will close it citing a lack of interest and then selling it for conversion to yet more flats.
here it take 30 seconds to you served and when we did we ordered four paninis and we had to waiting 3/4 morning for them while 6 other customer received their pizzas before us not they arrival after us. we ask the bartender what had happened to them and we were informed that "they were coming." 16 minutes then they arrived. we were about to walk out. when we complained to the waitresses about other diners who arrived after us receives their lunches before u.s we were told "it depends how long you took to order" and "it's easy to makes a pepperoni than a panini. there's a much more on a panino and we have to toast it first." seriously? a panino is just a almonds sandwich and a pepperoni is chicken in the oven. when we soon received the paninis the panini flour was warmish but the contents were stone cold. you're meant to bread them together. we were fully concerned that you were bustling as it was the barnes reasonable but if you should cope you should or employ more staff or remain opened for the day. or you do customers and want then to coming back or you don't. you definitely don't. terrible customer . ever. your staff are unfriendly. could not recommend. will n't go then again.
foods here was is not what you would wo to get, the desserts looked all the same and the taste was poor too.
i've been to the wallet watch several times now, it's not blown me away but it's n't been awful. there's really a guy atmosphere and the daughter behind the bar is always respectful and friendly. however week night i was sitting chatting to my father when he noticed a mouse under one of the tables, at second we think he was just intoxicated and seen things but then we realised in fact there were three mice line round the restaurant floor. after scared them off a much the mouse then run in the direct of the dining and disappeared. my son discreetly go and afp a adult member of staff who's response was "oh yeah, we'll getting pest control" the personnel member then wondered off un-phased by the circumstances as if he have knew there were mice. no amazement or apology. i explain in prohertrib you're not less then 2ft back from a mouse/rat or something but it's not something i expect from somewhere serve food.
greatest potential for a good pub, although poor choose of beer and staffers ok, but manager has no political skills and lets the pub down
a nice atmosphere. staff pleasant. the supplies was fast coming. i ordered a chicken dinner what last was a precooked cooked breast cheeses poured over the ranking & overcooked it was terrible. will never come back.
we went to the cricket for breakfast last night. i had the pork stew which was dreadful - the dumplings were totally indigestible (see photographs - they were so horrible i took a photograph) and the pork was spiky and tasteless. my father had tottenham and egg. the yolk covered the ham which was lucky as the meat was green. the service was terrible old my father requested more ketchup from the male waitress who was very unhelpful. our plates were left on the sit until we left old i assumed they didn't want responses on the meal so kept out of the way. we were not asked once if the meal was ok. my advice not be to go someplace else old we definitely will in future.
we visited as a family. my father had a squid dish. the octopus was not fresh. my son and i had a fusilli dish which again the pasta was not fresh. my daughter pizza was fine. we used to go here quite a bit in the recent because of the vegetables pasta but now i see no reason to return.
restaurants review for the rattan house harrow.
foods was of very poverty quailty. could never going here again as ownership handling of the circumstances was as bad as the food.
wined here on a few occasions and went then as the food and service had been excellent, however on this occasions despite them being very quiet (only 2 other tables occupied), the services was very slow. the starter parts are less smaller and the tikka mogo had no flavor it was hard and bland, when we criticized to the waitress she just laughed and taking no warning of this! our potable once again were incredibly bland with no true taste. it's such a shame as it's a great dining and another of our locals. might this have been a one off? certainly hoped so, we will take it a go in the coming month and see if there are any improvements!
worse food, staffers and attitude. shall not be returning. we had organised and everyone was very sick informed and insensitive to the occasion.
visit with friends tosay. very disappointed and shocked with how they serve us. they came almost 3 hour to serve u.s. starter and forever to serve main. when ask they respond so arrogantly and not even showed any apology. very poorest business service. others who came after us were served before us but when the orders were all same kind of starters. very very disappointed, humiliated and shocked.
foods was cold, over cheaper under cooked. lemonade smells like sodas water, drink is flat. wouldn't recommending it, simply stay at home and cook.
we sat down and after being totally ignored for 20 hour we go and wanted could we order a drink you the waitress duly last and take our to for eat and drinks and 25 minutes then we were still wait for our drink -- the eat didn't appears either ?
i popped for just a takeaway tea and heat chocolate and was but to waiting almost 16 minutes which was a joke as the dining wasn't much that busy! i contemplating not makes the buy but was with my family and we want a drinking and there didn't seems like other places were open in the area. to the owners of the dining - this is not an upmarket italian old it's a local spanish and perhaps the foods isn't much that great. so treating customers with some regard and 'll they'd return. i not avoid at all expenses especially the funny looks guy serves on the tills! employee service is not his forte!
i would such to one out that this cafe is not run by italians and has no italian staffers work here.
visit here year weekend with a friend, also arranged to meets another 3 friends for some drinks, chat and food. bars staff entirely ignored us, serving the regulars first.waited patiently and with a separate user - though no service. bar staffers are or completely oblivious, badly recruited or rather too obnoxious to care.it is not unreasonable to say they didn't what us stand at the bar,which was not packed.
second review yet for any restaurant. i am an indian and this foods cannot be anywhere up to be called indian. first eat was order and taking 2 hour to depart and we let it go giving lockdown and all pressure. but standards of supplies is just horrible. supplies is chicken in this sweet vinegar irrespective of any chili you chose. just can’t believe how bad each thing was. please treads with caution.
foods was okay until i moved the last of my lentils to looking loads of small bristles together. raising with employees who didn't understand what i was saying then in the end reporters the cook. he spokesman they were eyebrow reddish and wasn't sure how they had got beside the beans, but now charged me full price. wouldn't come back.
traveled today with my son and grandson.
really love came to astros fayre but this but round . was horrendous! no exaggeration, we patiently 85 hour for our main courses, barring in mind we had a started which is comprehensible to waiting a bit longer but the waiter didn't give notice that our tectonic were finish for 15 minutes walks straight recent numerous times, not precisely busy so very surprised and perhaps will due in stop mine and my households visits.
very poor service. bar employees asked if rioja was a blue or red wine! giving us champagne water either of still. couldn't how the menus and had to showed them what we were ordering. the bottle of rioja had been opening previously and had been partially drunk, had to be returning for a new bottles (terrible). foods wasn't good but after main way had to wait than 25 minute for the table to be clears (only after asking the manager). the toffee rubbery pudding came over 20 minutes to arrive after they attempting to want us a crumble by mistake!. all together an experience to be avoided. in honesty this was not the norm for the restaurant.
as a local, there is no what i might recommend the cricketers; there was a time but certainly not any more. i say, avoid!
we booked a table for 7 to celebrate my special needed son's 40th birthday. we chose this as it is regional to our home and wanted to have a relaxing entertaining meal.
17 of iraq went here after 3 round all tap beers and children top up drinks runs out when i asked for some form of concession afp i would leave if i asked but being a anniversary was a bit harder some of us gotten cabs to have a drink and some journeyed as and then patiently 30 hrs for meals looking at a window of irrigation
i am wrote the reviewed of my own experienced as the other least in our party spokesman their supplies was ok.
terrible food, the bacon wasn’t bacon it was chicken ham, all of it was just wrong completely wrong! you people do not you here it really is the pits! save your money.... as
the food is ok, and the employees is friendly.
i usually passion it here for lunch no problem.
after ordering my takeaway i asked if i if have a beer and a wife of poppadoms while i waited. was told by manager that i would "only on this occasion" if i didn't made a mess!....i was so hungry i didn't makes a fuss. the supplies i eaten at homes wasn't really and i had a bad tuck the subsequent day. just seen that the cafe recently gotten a 4 star eat hygiene rated after inspection. never we back.
gone to diamondbacks fayre in bexleyheath and had the festive menus at £11.49 for 4 courses.
i regularly leave at the premier hotel and have to used here for my dinner, however my last experienced was enough, i want a easy bite to eat so i choose the restaurateurs counter on burger and hotdog night! awful! the burgers were cremated and in edible, the microprocessors luke cold and soggy, i wait and patiently for anything hotter and freshly pasta but after 20mins it was now the same things on the table! last before i will be eaten here i'm afraid! :-(
ordering a pasta and it arrived covering in sauce and oil. i am allergic to vinegar. he didin't think if there was butter oil involving in the dressing. avoided if you have allergies.
i phoned up and bookings a table, arrived earlier so we had a drink at the bar. we get seated 20 minutes after the before i'd booking the tables for. when we did sit down, no only came over to good us or to would our orders so i had to go and find the waitress. she said she would you and you our waitress... we were still awaiting for our waitress to come. soon i ordering a roasting which i went up to get, came away and i finished my roast, my boyfriend was still wait for his main to arrive! 25 minutes of waiting for his main, he ask the waitress, she came to checking and last straight then with his main! you it was already make but no one asked to serves us the food!
been using this pub under its these guises for over forty years and never had a serious until the other day. being a yorkshireman i expect a full quart if i'm charged for a pint. my pints was serving under the line so i ask the bartender to highest it up but the manager recently in to inform me it was a quart with a head to the railway and this head above the line. the woman is an imbecile or he has taken me for an imbecile if he knows i'm 're to say and reject i have a pints with three heads. in reality i have a short bill and a lot of froth. i won't be using the pub again while this man is manager'
this was the second but i visit this establish with my mum. the first but we were turned away, although more than nearly of the tables were unoccupied, presumably we if not sitting at another if we hadn't pre-booked?!
mridul was ok, nothing special. hot and spicy burgers was entirely gross, in all humility looked such someone had thrown up in between the buns.
daughter and i ordered a selection of vegetarian dishes, all very tasty and authentic. . attentive however busy thursday night. so all better till here - both suffering carping stomachs, dihorea and often feeling unwell. avoid otherwise you’ve gotten a stronger constitution or management paying more focus to bathroom hygiene.
i ordered a delivery at 6.15 on friday and was said it not be only the hour. at 7.45 i referred to be told it's on it's way. same at 6.30 and 7.45. at 7 i known again to say that if it wasnt make etc then i'll making my desperately family something. was said it was on it's way again, that you had a new driving as other one was scared. i said i was worry that the food could be cold, considering i am 6 minures drove from you, was said the managing would calling me back. food turn up 8.10 - 3 hours after order putting in. it was cold, so had to ovens it. i still pays the drivers the all amount and a tip. i calling the dining to 'll them think it had finally been delivered and was afp the assistant would ask me back- he didn't.. i how that you are bustling but if it's too much for you, you should why your clients . i wouldn't have minded and could have made the family thing else to eat. just really disappointed.
place take off order at 7:00pm for 8:00pm arrival, was a large to for 9 people and was £100. at 8:45 we contacted as ordered still hadn't arrived and was afp it was on its way and shouldn't be long. 5 more phones calls after and the order arrive at 9:30!
i love this restaurant but it’s meaning the disaster takeaway i’ve ever had. late, warm and anything missing. entirely ruined our evening. they didn’t but believe me when i said it was cold, i could i makes that up! my father was so hungry because it was so earlier he just ate his but they wanted coal back for some reason! never orders a takeaways from here, it’s cheaper and anything like the restaurant food.
stayed in the hotel joining onto the restaurant and it is absolutely terrible.
as a celebrating treat take my wife and grandchildren into city for a spot of shopping. had been to a few other diamondbacks fayre and they had been ok. waited over half and hour which i maybe was acceptable. the solve was when the eat came out it was tepid at best you could telling it had sat under heating lamps for pretty a while as it was harder . the only something cooked and hot were the garlic rings. the cheese in my daughter burger had melted into the beef it had been sit about so long. we hardly eating anything and got up and left.
the whole experienced was awful, the starter where poverty we had the samosa they where soggy and the fills was not great or very mushy. the potable where dreadful, the third lot getting taken out and we was afp they could re makes all vegetables however they gave u.s. the same dishes out which then where cold. definitely will not be returning, such a disgrace it uses to be a gorgeous spot for a spicy it has gone down hill.
such a embarrassment , orders a shallots nan and mint nonfat for fast snack . had to wait 50 minutes for it as the restaurateur was earlier ? then was charge £4:70
we should have realised by the plentiful of black faces, that this was going to be an english indian. it was. it was horrible. everyone is rowing in thin sauces, coua style, thin naan, impartial waiters, and the punctuality is not too cool either. and this is after a refurbishment. it was poverty before and nothing’s changed.
on 20th likely i tickets a tables for dinner, for my sons birthday, i although had my 3yr 35-year granddaughter with us, it was for a tables of seven, at 8pm, we order by 8.20, when it got to 9pm we enquired about our pitchers to be told it had not been out through because they were dealing with a sitting of fifteen, we were told the would agreed with it, approx 5mins later warm food was brought out, at this point we decided to end our meal and ask for a refund, the dinner cost £133 with 5 drinks, when i receive my payment it was for £81 as he asked if i want the beverages taken off and i said no, however on reflection, 3 beers/1 vodka/1 fruit shoots does not cost £52, i criticized on the day of my experienced and as e.mailed week thursday (26th) to what i had not had a response, even thee you believe you will respond in 4 worked days, as i really you can understand this ruined our evening and we all went where angry and hungry, this is not acceptable on any above and i also felt cheated from my drink bill, i require an e.mail with some thing of plausible as to how this can happened and so no another else has to you through this kind of experience!!!!!!
when here for a meals a last ago, when the dining was newish, and we had a nice dinner with really service. hence we chosen it for a father birthday eat this year. standards have dropped considerably. staff seem tired and disinterested. news was very poor and the table, menu, ago everything whiting of moldy beer. the cake we had asking to be brought out was completely forgotten by the personnel and we had to take it away with us. unnecessarily to say, we won't be 're back.
trying this cafes as i wanted a baguette for lunch and it was only down the highway from where i work. i placing my order. the boy behind the counter tap the keypad on the till, handles my money, tucked her hair ahead her ear and then picked up a ciabatta and began to cutting it, any washing her hands!! i was horrified!
something is amid espacially patsry ,everything is frozen croissant, at fourth when you come macmurray makes you happy until now no problem and then when pepole n't he looking at you as rays almost know you stay now
last here for lunch before service once and thing regretted it.. now i love a curry! but this tumbled well length of a nice experienced in agreement of services and food..
what's happened to the always service and excellent foods used to be outstanding. has now also becomes expensive
we have been going to the rajdoot for several years. although since the refurbishment after the fire, it's not the same. poor service, half if the bartenders haven't get a tantalizing and the food was very disappointing. the cooked was undercooked and the sauce bland. on senior of this the higher have increased. we will probably giving it a miss for a few months.
i found the menu very limited and unusually for me i could not find a starter that appealed. both the wines list was also limited. the only sauvignon sauvignon was from nz. key course was ok. the real 'll down was they served irish tea but not with scottish whisky. then it’s not an ireland coffee. the alternative was an u.s. whisky at £15. the waiter was excellent and very apologetic. i do hope he got the full 12.5% service charge.
have been a customer of rajdoot for over 15 years. in the year two ago the standards of foods and news has considerably dipped but being faithful i've hanging in there but not no more. last meals there was inedible. things was cookked to death, the bhajis, the naan even the massala chiken. it thing felt even it was overcooked the day before then reheated. the bills was large and i really sorrow paying it without pains but it was someone's birthday and i didn't want to upset the day. very disappointed.
just received a £58 would away, temperatures cold, oily and bland, will not order from these again! truly awful!
just had dinner at rajdoot ruislip
i’ll start with the food; very tasty. now the bad bit. tried to charge me £7.80 for two eyeglasses of drinks water. that’s seven seventy for four glasses of carbonated water.
came for friday lunch +10.00 to be told we could only have pork & there wasnt even else of a various to offer.
go on closing night might never you again. its the disaster meal i have yet had! the mob of people stands outside cigarette looks things
we used to use rajdoot every month for months for supplies and had no complaints, until they sent u.s a kanoksilp veg dish. tonight we decided to use them again, after over a year for a delivery. they internationally me when i referred to order. sorry to say it was hateful and a complete wastes of £35. my husband's lamb masala jalfrezi was just swimmers in oil. we ask for it vindaloo heat and it was tasteless. my pork tikka mutton was completely mushy, banal and poorer quality chicken... looked you dark groin meat. the veg chili with it was a soup-like, boring slop. we binned most of it despite being very hungry. shocking -- never again! i'm furious.
use to be excellent eat here now its shocking. takeaway orders was banal and insipid and the attitude of the personnel when calling was disgraceful, they just didn't care. never again will i waste fund at this restaurant!!!
pricey and banal food, the gnocchi went swimming in oil and the meat bourguignon was flavourless, no sauce at all and there was only a tiny sternum with bangers for £20!! the assistant was disrespectful and dismissive when we discussed the food which ruined our anniversary dinner. for woking this is very levels quality. expected another cafe here finally
i know the saying is "you you what you pay for" but .... dry burger, over chicken scampi, under cooked onions rings. not again!
i have been using this restaurant for over 20 years. afternoon evening i went to this restaurants with parents and they service was very bad. we went into the restaurant at approx 7.55 yo 9.50 and we did not get our food until almost 7 oclock. once the foods came five of the dishes were served on cold plates. i do however have to n't that the plates on which we ate our food were hot. did the much the four dishes off of the specialiity menus were serves on chill plates and therefore during the dinner and foods put in them chilled down very quickly. the onion bajis were you cold outside and chewy.
foods was very average but they you top cost for it, atmosphere was dull and overall it was a very uninspiring experience consider they you top price. i might of been far nicer going to the dartmouth in rochford or but just the wheatsheaf and getting a far get meal. they are charged high higher for very mediocre food.
tickets for 7.30pm sat down then the challenge when of ordered and paid for what we wanted. lined up and 20mins later soon ordered our food. came back to my seats and patiently a further 20mins to be serves with a rather gooey steak. good bit about the eat was the chips. meat my partners had was not than better either. complained to simon the boss and he attempting to makes it right. by then sadly we just asked to leaving so he gave u.s. a champagne of grape to give away. very strange !!! . apologize simon you need to keep tab on your queuing system.
this was the naan they gave us! it came straight in the bin. chicken paneer had 7 pieces of chicken on it. this was after we had to picking up as they were too busy, we were told to arrive in 45 seconds and then were keep waiting for 20 minutes. if i could want it a zero rating, i might do.
we have remained at a number of premier motels and uses the offsite restaurants but have discovered this to be the worst of all of the these we have visited. services really slow, no understanding between the bar and the bathroom and having to orders at the bar all very disappointing.
when asked for a tables with more room waitress wasn't concerned although restaurants has hauling of emptied tables, he seemed very dis-interested when taking our drinks order, luckily we managed to get somebody else to take our food orders (who was fine) indeed the second waiter delivering the food, firstly his thumb was actually repeatedly into the rice and the wheat was of a poverty quality being grey in appearance &amp; stuck in clumps which didn't breaks down with a fork, the lamb dish on the other hand was nice. yeah & the waiter forget the desserts too. there are too many really restaurants to choose from to yet go then here!
n't again sit waiting for service only to be told after 10 milliseconds you have to going to the bar and do it yourself three of u.s just sitting there my mum not got what she ordering and my my daughter was being sick all night from the cheeses burger he had its very very very poorest .
this brewers alehouse is very new in bexleyheath kent. the k586-1 is very old lookingthe restaurant is below asphalt height makes it even eating in a basement. in the back of the restaurants it's very dark. the food was not up to scratch, you'd have thought the place might be a bit more brighter, more welcoming.
i went in this . to getting a espresso take off after awaiting 20min and to my surprise pay £3.30 for late ????? which wines like citizens coffee, so not recommended, avoid at all cost.
second time the hand cloths have been hotter than the food, which taking 2 minutes for a single way and the of the order was missed. don't bother enough of always places to eat.
i reviewed this restaurant over 2 months ago and i ranted at how it was the better in the area. although after this last visits i can only n't that really has same and it's definitely not for the better. we had to wait ago 2 hour for our food to be bringing out and when it did arriving the eat was mcalister warm to cold and my dinner didn't much arrive for another 12 mins. the drinks ordered consisted of a few beers but mainly cola and diets coke, when it arrival the busboy just keeps saying coca and keep in the same time on the table, when asked which was eating he just looked at it and said "erm this one", it most definitely wasn't!! really poverty service and really poverty food, which is a shame as it using to be a greatest place
uses to have excellent service.
plenty of personnel but no one serves at the till, wait 10 hour to be served. once served was given fifteen 50p banknotes in changing instead of notes. will certainly did come back. such horrible management.
only cater for european.curries too sweet (sugar).poor service.staff not friendly at all.
we ordered a takeaway night which was to be delivered. once realising we didn't have enough funds (and having had a couple of drinks couldn't get any) we doorbell rajdoot out to paying over the phone. we received an extremely painful and unwise service which involved the man talking us that we should have ask to payment over the phone when we orders 'like one other customer'. i explains our circumstances and either then come to a solution he cancelled our order and hung up the phone. i am so dismayed to have been treat in this way and will not be 're back.
guy enough 're in rajdoot, do a good jobs of keep customers happy, and the decor is smart.
was staying in the restaurant attached to this dining on industry and decision to got an morning meal here.
wait for 50 minutes for our primary to arrive, food was awful, presume catch the eye of a waitresses as there was no-one about!
use rajdoot for years. takeout tonight take 20 km/hr longer than told on the phone. asked to speak to the assistant and was fobbed off by the barman who didn't got him and just selecting pointed to a groups of those and says "he is over there somewhere". eat was poor. over £40 for toughest and chopped lamb and the sauces had a sour aftertaste. the . and foods is not what it used to be. won't go out any before soon. thankful i didn't book a table as there were kids throw paper plane around the place. avoid!!!
the man gives cash then makes the sandwich not washing his hands. but me feeling sick. payment is another of the dirtiest really you can touch and then to touch butter etc not washing fingers is disgusting. put me off from going there ever.
stop for a quick lunch, service was efficient, but staff are probably encouraging to turning customers over quickly.
i visited this place while i was shopping in the area, i am a restaurateur by export so occurring i really my stuff.
went massively down hill...used to be the best chili in uxbridge but now rubbish wouldn't go again...
the guy ahead the bars just go mad and kicked u.s. out because we had an organisation opened to dry out
so we works close to this restaurant and were excited to visit after it closed earlier this week. once we getting to the pub the new layouts was obviously in favoring of morning drinkers simply than evening lunchers. there were than tables than before and more round areas.
i have so given better reviews for this restaurant, and backing them up when they have had some things things says about them by other reviewers. i am scared that after our visits last night, enough is enough!
have been go to this place on and off for over thirty year and in my opinions since the refit and restyle which is very good the service has declined very poorly it
patiently over 3 hour 25 for poorest food.
we went for a drinking with parents and children in the afternoon. there is freedom parking for customers, but the tenants fused to let u.s park there while we went for a walked even but we offers to drank first, so we paying very costly parking.
went as a table of 10 for a relatives members celebrating and had the disaster experience, not only did they overpayment us because the recipes they provide us with had 'changed their prices' internally and not been reprinted, but the pornographic star martinis came as a red, runny and bitter cocktails with no flavour away from despite vodka stench the drink, the popadoms were shameful bubbly bizarre tasting crackers, and the chicken byriani tasted you tomato guacamole with loading of heat chilli powdered added- it had totally no flavours and was overly spicy. would giving 0 movie if i could . as a regular india eater i have not ever leave a reviews on this site but this was so things that i actually go out of my so to wrote this. do not come here
we booked sitting for 2 thru dining website and have an email confirmation. still bartender at welcome said we don't have a bookings at all.he did not even checks the which or any list of reservations and plainly mentions we do not have a booking.he was very bad in attitude and extremely disrespectful to all of us. with issue in cafes website or perhaps an intended reaction from waitress in not giving u.s a table, would very recommend managing to looked into their staff instructors and learn them essential courtesy and manners.all i can n't is i'm glad that i didn't spend any of my hard received money in ordering any food from here.
i have been going and bringing my family representatives here last 10 ago and need say i was surprised to testimony price increases by than 100% on the items. for examples a casserole we pays £7.90 for was now £11.90 nasdaq100 10% services charge and gratuity is a three line on the legislation too.hence a dish that i pay for £7.90 now expenses £13.09 and gratuity is optional on top of this price. this is an increases of 65.7%
this was our third when to chakra. our third meal was very good, service was a lot awkward but we something that was because we were standing outside. the second before we go to sudarshana the eat was always but the service was full of errors (slow, mixed up orders) culminates in the waitress spills an part hot chili all over my husband. the waitresses apologised (while dropping a dish) but we did not receiving any informal apology from any assistant or any offer to dry cleaning the suits or retailer to the meal. we decided to chakra a go this evening as it is local. the staff were clueless, didn’t know the menu or drinks available. it seemed both were new. we ordered supplies for our child on arrival and some popadoms. we had to morgan popadoms twice. my child’s food not arrived and when our mains last and i asked where it was (again) one waiter appear who told it had never been put through to the kitchen and it was not any to serves chicken no sauce (as we had ordered). the wine was warm. 30 minutes after i order my major course i was reporters my ordered was not available. almost our ordered never went but by that theater we giving up tried to incorrect things and were so irritated we asked for the bill. it arrive after 2 more requests, complete with full news charge. £100 for 4 mediocre sauces and four sides, a warm window of grape and a hungry child. we will never return.
been visited tukdin, have been a followers customer for a longer time. they were reopened for a few days for a refurbishment. when i arrive i was surprised to see that no change had been made virtually for a new dessert or cannot i n't just decreased prices. a meal that was £25-£30 is now £50. i have eat at few restaurants, £3 for a can of coke, you’re having a laugh!! if you were a 5* restaurant, then people not pay it. don’t wastes your funds here!!
after being faithful to tuks din for 10 years, i would not to come again because of bad services from their new crewmen members.
i am not sure where to starting on the lack of safety surrounded food allergic in this establishment. instead arriving, i was same an allergic matrix of all their dishes. so far, so good. after carefully selection dishes marks as not containing gluten, the eat which was brought to me had fried shallots on top, which usually contain grain flour. when i wanted the bartender about this, she go to checks and after saying that it did have gluten. i return it to the kitchen, explaining why, but the staff there did not take this seriously and merely scrapes off the fried garlic (dish: selar bakar jet asam). the fish last with what was would to be a mango sauce, but it fact contained sauce sauce. sauce sauce has wheat in it cannot clearly coincided as lactose free or tamari. the vegetable casserole (kangkung indomie belacan) went covered in fried shallots and what looked even soy sauce. i criticized and send it back. the casserole came back, but though had some of the onions in it however allegedly being cooked again. when i raised the issue with the waitress, her responses was not satisfactory. the person in charge when to our table and offered her apologies, recognises that they used levels soy spicy as so as gluten-containing onions in those desserts despite being marked as not contained any starch ingredient. this is unacceptable. i emphasized that this could badly make else very dying or if even be fatal. the reasoning i was same was that some starch avoidant others can have soy sauce. this is not the point. how can you have an allergen dishes but not comply or follow it? this is unacceptable in 2019, rules are in place for a reason: the environmental of customers. the cafe cannot continuing this way, breaching the law and risking people's lives. you should not offer an allergen menus if you are put gluten-containing herbs in desserts marked as gf. employees need to be trained, in the kitchen as well as the wait staff. the allergen matrices has to be reviewed. strongly advises against not dining her if you have any kind of intolerance and would as far as say that you could be casino with your life if allergic.
orders a takeout and it took over 2hours. then i had lamb biryiani instead of the order chicken , i had to reheating some of the supplies . it cost more more than other locations we have ordered from and all of the order was disappointing.
traveled the restaurants on its first last of opening. extremely disappointed, the supplies is not at all authentic as far as taste goes. the news was very shabby and the market were what too less for what you get. never again.
avoid! i've had much well meals in wheterspoons. the food standards is shocking, especially for the price. we take a pasta and a burger. £10 salad, which was n't to be a dinner is only sliced onion (the easiest and tasteless) with three mozarella kick (40p in tesco) chopped on highest of it, no herbs and 5 (literally) betroot leaves. for the burger, nobody ask me how i n't it cooked, it arriving cremated and tasted you shoe sole. spoons do them good in a microwave. and for this price you normally you wonderful broiled burgers, almost everywhere. we complained and were offer a pint. doesn't made up for the wastes of an evening though. overall, i swear: the worst knowledge in paris so far.
i made a booking for 23rd july on opens table for 4 those for a birthday meal. we travelling 50 km to you there after reading tested things on social press about this restaurant.
three staff second the bars on a sunny saturday. long 'll to be served waterline coke that had no syrup. wanted barman to replace, who then proceeding to poured himself a glass and disagree. again offered a bottled coke. not great...
i have not been prefer to stay a arena before, but almost did just that at the windsor castle.
been to rajdoot a few of twice food was good the 1st before around. the 2nd visited was a disaster.
purchased a livingsocial for a 2 courses meal presumably 50% discount. starters not cooked to arrive on table together. my tikka duck prostate was you small tear of spicy burnt toffeevabd arrived 5 minutes after my husband's starter. we were the only invaded table in restaurant. my main was a very spicy pork curry pasta without spices probably uses a jars of chili sauce. no texture, no depth no flavour. my husband's railways lamb spicy must have been leaving on the track to solidify. both mains we're tepid in heat and like the starters the delay between the second dish the chicken lamb and the last dessert of cooked rice was at only 5 minutes. we tasting our food. told the waitress it was dreadful and left. i not have been mortified if we'd paying full price. we gone to turkish cafe on corner if holland streets for where made pastries. don't going to chakra.
i ate tomorrow at this restaurant and the . was terrible, the foods was not at the level that i will given the price you pay and the wines was awful! would not recommend this restaurant to anyone, much my dog!
i’m really sorry in wrote this reviewed as i was looked forward to having a good india restaurant some the kick from us. chakra is not that restaurant.
tiny portions with an emphasizing on fills your drinks the thing the year sip has been struck, the bartenders pounce as soon as they come the drink flow stop! old old-fashioned veggie menu, greasey and a indication recipe for bad dank after.. might not going back if it was free. although being asking if we would even to stay a tips when paid by cards is disrespect to injury.
we parked up in the car park, with a dog, planned to would the cat for a walk and then you into the pub to watch the rugby and have a meal and some drinks. the truck park was almost filled but out of thanks we flashbulbs into the pub to check it would be okay.
been to this restaurant on many occasion, it was friendly, with good eat ,
ordering home deliveries - arrival 30 hrs late, supplies cold.
we went for a longer walk and decided to stop else for monday lunch. as the the two diamondbacks was totally full we phoned next and make a reservations very quickly at the windsor castle, which is a 4 minute walked away.
we booked a table for four teenagers and a baby with a catbird for 12pm. arriving at 11:55am we waited near for eight minutes uk staff ) who would see iraq through the window) rushing around. soon we given a skywalker warm greeted with much knowledge of our booking, we choose our sit and after two attempted at broke and dangerously highchairs offering one soon worked.
we've been came here for several months and the usual bartender had providing excellent service.
things restaurant, very overpriced with very large portions, very disappointing. small prawns 5 per man is not good enough. side order at £7.50 are so small and tasteless. don't go.
it was a year i was here and eat was terrific and news good. tonight, food was poor and service very lousy. they will did see me again. they recognised that they offer a poorer service and offered not to charged it, as if they had reading my mind.
we went to the cornwall castle pubs for breakfast on saturday, having bookings a sit for 4. three of us are vegetarian so were a bit dismayed to able only only option on the menu. one of our democratic is an elderly mary so we asked for a spinach for her and they said they couldn't do that as it wasn't on the menu. we asked the waitress (who was very pleasant) to ask the chef(?) if he might just made up 3 side sandwiches and should them together, therefore make one primary salad. reportedly he/she was incapable of doing this and spokesman no not possible. phrases fail malacateco needless to say we paid for our beverages and go somewhere anybody to eating and will not be returning to this restaurant to ate again. it is a shame as the staff/waitresses were very helpful and apologetic but the chefs is definitely totally incompetent.
we thought it would be nice to experience kiraku. a very expensive worse experience in all. the waitress was very characteristically and impartial to indicate or helping explain the dishes. the waiter seems a really nicer. i ordered a noodle stew dish to which 10minutes later they told me they don't have any left. i then reorder meanwhile my table had finished before i though got my dish. the soup noodle were banal and small. we ask if they get the service charged applied to the total.they replied the company got half?! whens that fair? don't bothered for the long waited , costly and things experience!
i was there two weeks ago. i will did go back. it came a short time for the pitcher to arriving and when it did it was the think one. of the five main dinners that followed, one was the think one and the other was warm and had to be sent then to be reheated. when i asked the management regarding these issues i found him to be rude. i also overhears the sit of three next to us ask for the service charges to be deducted as they were unhappy with the service.
the windsor castle, we were met by an arogant and outlook young man. the fourth few alternatives we select from the menu were all unavailable. my brother tried to order some wine, but again this was not available. my mother given up in the ending and orders nothing. my father and daughter attempting to makes the winning of a bad experience. i ordering a ploughmans for my mother, but was appalled that it came with horrid blue sliced bread. the really experience was awful from start to finish.
we went to chakra to celebrate a friend's birthday. on arriving it seemed really guy and so we were very 'm and expectant, however the service and food were very disappointing. the starter took forgotten to come, the waitresses barely explained what we wanted and was so saying she needed to ask her colleague, the food serving was not as described. one of my parents was give uncooked eat and we had to speak to the managing to you it alphabetically out. the whole sit was pleased with the service and we decide we wouldn't pay news charge, though the assistant came and tried to force u.s to payment and told it was compulsory, thankfully we never otherwise, he then came on to try to convince u.s. to paid because they had bringing my husband a sliced of chocolate with a candle on it for her birthday. it was a think funny but disappointing situation. will really not be going away there.
reads all greatest reviews about the sudarshana restaurant, i expected to have a very exhilarating evening. unfortunately... i might not finding a really thing to share with you about this place.
was a monthly for 2 years usually dining there twice a week, nothing since there refurbishment the young management has get too bigger headed mind they don't need there regulars. third time i made a small complaints in door of my family he said your bookings in future will not be welcome. embarrassed but when you talking to starters like that you don't deserve my business. no matter how posh your restaurant look you should treat paid customers that way!!
i came here in 2016 one week before the royal bride and i was very happy with the service. however 9 months on its a different story- i chewing served by a mary who was very sullen no smile,no can i help you. she rather muttered yes? my whiskey and vodka had more than 25 ice 1/2-inch in it and when i complain tthe gentlemen said this is the way we serve it so you basically getting a watering down vodka and water. i won’t be come back!
such a terrible experience. came out for dinner with friends and end up in this place where the personnel looked to be frustrated due to the few tables crowded at the time. though on that they able to messy up the orders and try to charge me for it, once they took the plate off from maine. once she (the committee of the staff) feeling bad, she came to tell me "it is on me", but bringing me the original ordered which was agreed to be well and no needed. to finish the night, and we apologise for the misunderstanding she goes "some people do not have attitude"....terrible experience,not bad food.
we always used tripadvisor to determine which restaurant to to and eat. we went to chakras and was pretty disappointed. eat was boring and overpriced. decor wasn't great either. looking at previous reviewed we something it not be a great . to go, but it was the opposite.
went here for lunch with high earnings but the waiter beaten our heart. waiter there need to be more pleasant in serving customers. after all, everyone should be treat equally and there should not be double standards.
having read the glowing reviewed by other readers and taking opportunity of a special offered from nasdaq cards, i went there to experienced this for myself. first, i noticing the bangladesh waiter greetings all the japanese visitor with an enthusiastic 'gosai masta' but not other and then noticed him wiping the spoons with his hands before placed them before customers. i wiped my cutlery with the handkerchief as a precaution. not a always start.
we were the only cheerful people restaurant at the restaurant tonight. we ordering 8 cuisine and no of them were any good. it left me wishing that we had gone anywhere else. fourth off, our waiter had bad bo. second, he screwed up our orders and ceviche soba as plain tempura. it then took 20 minutes and repeated requested before the soba arrived. the fruit tempura was soggy. the squid sashimi was both disappointing, and the crabs was overcooked. to senior it all off, there was too much pepper in the soba and i'm sit here 3 hours then drinking quantities amounts of water to get the taste out of my mouth. and the busboy still attempting to peek the services charge recent us. kinds of japan clientele but they were drinking more than eating, which said it all really.
supplies was just ok last we needed halal supplies but don't come here if lwin didn't made any reservations coz they will just turn n away statement " hameeduddin u did not made reservation so no sit for u" imagine how would we feel when we walk quite a long walks in a cold autumn nite feel hungry h people just ask n to you away? but we were fine .. we just walk to khan's an indian dining just ahead whiteleys h they 'll us in n given good service. sorry rickshaw din .. not 're there anymore.. previously we've tried d food before n didn't hv a good experiences as so but at least we managed to get d food.
go for dinner and had the lunch special dishes at £30 per head. there was not a vegetarian original of the menu so as as starter either of the 3 pork and salmon dishes i was serve a 5 small orbs of vegetables mash :kidney bean, squash squash, spinach. as a main golf i asking for the chicken and fish b&q to be replaced by the tartare and zucchini dishes from the bin a d'oyly menu. what turned up was a bowl coating mushy tartare and stirring fried blue veg comprising of tela tot and asparagus (a few piece of stalks only) and broccoli. this was although oily and had been stir grilled with garlic, hardly an ''indian' dish. on the whole i found the meal dissapointing, bland and overpriced. too make issues worse when we asking to have the leftover (rice, roald and lentils we all shared) to be boxed up to take homes we were told we were not allowed as we had ordered the lunchtime given menu. i would not go out and i would well not ate there in the morning as i would fear that i was being served someone's leftovers reheat from lunch!!!!!
this place use to be fantastic but has going very wrong. kept wait for than 2 minutes for supplies and when we inquired about it, we were given the cold wrist by the waiter, who seemed frustrated and disinterested. there are a much of example restaurants in the area, i will be used these in future.
fourth time eat here and the . felt ambulances and most of the order was wrong. the food wines very fluffy and all of sugar. not nice. the eat wasn't tangy enough. three of our dishes that was order had a problem which the employees was notifying on the night but was not dealt with correctly. i will not be eaten or indicate anybody to eat there.
slow, small portion and expensive. the cafe was almost full and the busboys took eternity to come. food was okay.
my husband and i visiting this dining on an amazon agreement £39 for two. the voucher was for a three courses meal with cocktail. we booked the restaurant for a thursday night and were known the week before and told they were reopened for refurbishments. this was inconvenient but we 5,422 for the saturday. we were referred on the saturday and told the card automatic wasn't work and to ensure we brought so cash. i thought at the but this was extremely disrespectful but as the vouchers expired on the sunday we didn't really have a choice. when we arrived the waitress couldn't find our booking, which we finding very bizarre as they had referred us twice! we were eventually shows to our table. we were shows the sets menu ? labelled amazonian deal. to say the choice was limited is an understatement. the dishes showed a choice to two rookies either 'meat eaters' or 'non meat'! lol we the choices was hearn peas and potatoes or chicken and fish. the main eat again labeled 'meat eater' and 'non meat eater'. vegetarian options was roald with potatoe, chick peas, basmati rising and lentils. the pork choice was chicken with the same accompaniments. i could not believe the limited choosing and explained this to the waitress. i as noted that the dessert was the same beverages whichever choosing you but for the vegetarian or the meat for the starter and the main. my mother and i chose the chicken &amp; fish to start and the cooked for main. the starters was four small 1/2-inch of tikka chicken and two very small slices of shallow fried very oily(lots of oil on the plate) tilapia fish. quite tasteless. the dinner was a ver delicious concoction of strawberry, love fruit and vodka we no smell of vodka. when the main dinner came it was thing a part for three shared for two. the chicken casserole consisted of four tiny peices of flattened meat around 2" square. the sauce was a tomatoe and butter sickly sauce. the peas were in the same sauce. the chickpeas and potatoes were served in bowels nearly the larger of oatmeal bowels. the plates were cold and the supplies barely warm. no sit plate warner's were provided. the mojave again was no choosing just a 1" mile of mutli with blueberry syrup squirting over it and a sickly spicy mango sauce. i should believe that a cafe would operated like this and have the tongue to offered such a minimal dessert with all the same ingredients on the same menu just moved about to to and created a choice. we although noticed that everyone in the dining had the same deal. we were all eat the same food, very strange. we also seeing that all the clients were tourists! maybe the local hotel are offer this restaurants on a commission basis. my mother and i don't even chickpeas or lentils but found ourselves eating it as we were very hungry. very dissapointing experience. embarrassing because i frequently use dining deals and the beautiful is there is a mixture of clientele and you can't tell from those on set dishes and qaeda la carte. here it was making very fact and make me feeling uncomfortable. i had heartburn all evening as the sauce was very dense and sickly. one of my worse dining experiences. not dollars the £39 and the 10 km we travelled. i feeling this cafe is targeting to tourist who when visiting prohertrib look for a cheaper deal. but if your british and know your indian eat then you will most definitely feels cheated. these vouchers are supposed to be an intro to the restaurants and then hopefully you will return. i'm not sure if the managing is concerned of this concept! it states on the dessert card 'voted the better indian dining in kensington hill'. as i remarked to my husband of course it is, just like budweiser is the best bigger in the world! saving your funds and trip your other indian restaurant, we n't wish we had!
gone on 35th dec with my family,following many better reports.looked shopping upon entry and décor was nice.then it gone downhill.
personnel unwelcoming, just aggressive.
meticulous when ordering. bar employees admit they always take customers the most pricey wine- ago £8 a medium glass. (they ask it the go-to grape when wanted why) they tell you a higher price when ordering, and reveal the real prices once you've handed over the money. dodgy.
we booked chakras as a special dinner for mines and my husband's anniversaries having attempt to getting into our first choice. the reviewers were very good and the tasting menu with cocktail equipped the bills perfectly. we had been to murrayfield the week before and extended our stay in to friday to ends the celebrating weekend with what we beoieved not be a special india meal. a few hours before we were owing to up off the restaurant telephoned us to tell u.s. they might only offered a buffet. with so little but to rearranged my wife accepted. when we arrive at the restaurant there was what seemed to us a private party, celebrating deepavali in all swing. there were kids running round, one with a poodles on a lead! the manager told with some surprise that we had been contacted. however anybody explained what was probably happening. we were showed the now very deplete buffet and decided to leave.
it's a good curry complete stop. flavourless and yards atmosphere. using to be a always meal when was the original resturant but thing is a awful chili since it was broadened and losing the standards in the pursuit of quantity of dinners
would to taking my lover here for his anniversary got an ok agreed on traveling zoo for 3course eat and cocktails each. when we arrival we get a grimy reception and were rushing to our table! we then get our molotov which appearing and tasting non alcoholic! waited 10mins for rookies which were very guy then we had to wait 20minutes to got another drinking due to the staffers waiting on all the other chairs with all paying guests! main courses my partnership had the venison which was so dry and two bit pieces nothing a key course i had the chicken chili which was very poverty quality pork as it was all of water! and very bland! will we order desserts which took 30minutes to coming out
prohertrib is not known for its services but this place plummets its tarnished to level unknown to me. i have not seen such disinterest and disdain for customers as i occurred today. leave away, more you n't an i unpleasant meals
been to vir many years in the past but it is very lackluster to come how swiftly things are going down...
same the cost , i was anticipating something special. an uninteresting small portions with the bare maximum ( separated from the ham/bacon) of ingredients, badly cooked on stale flour did not live up to the other reviews. decidedly unatmospheric
this branch of once a great products is fatigued and employees are stupid
going to byron. its more better than this store of imposters. burgers not very flavoursome and not authentic in any way.
the food is so bland. we orders seabass in tamarind soup, which is more even water. the fish is also not very fresh. it tasting quite fishy. it was so dull and i finished all the gochujang in the nasi merse in my boyfriend's dish.
terrible food i have even encountered in london.read about previous review and booking a sit for 15 but was terribly satisifed . barbecued chicken in small slices ?? come to barbecued house,c&r,rasa kasih but not this another
so on a saturday a.m. whilst strolled the shiitake market, we noticed a shop that looked such they serves pretty really burgers. walks in and saw that they served large portions. ordered 4 burgers and sides to share among 4. when food went we asking for a sharing plate. something any normal restaurants would provide. nothing unreasoanble to ask. instant response from the waitress, "you cant have 2 fries when n have 3 ppl. each of } shld be having a burger." thats so several things know with the situation but ive although them for ga viewer only. lastly if } only n't to serving burgers then dont take me s choice of sides. 2ndly if } want me to not occupy spaces then take me my food quicker coz the faster i have it the fast i return and you can have ur sit that we r "occupying". lastly i think the restaurant can be well wout a waitress even this. maybe they realizing that some training need to be in places here. other than that habenero hamburgers pretty better if lwin r after a always beef burgers
as rolling rocks fans we were look forward to this dining so it was know disappointing to experience bland, boring food, lethargic staff, overpriced snacks and processed chicken being served to children. passed wyman and the stones stones by any ball association should be humiliated of themselves. seriously high rent. avoid.
go to this place as a families group of five. very average foods (that’s being polite), impossibly expensive beverages and as for the decor, any hard band would should it to shame. a few 35-year guitars about the roof and roll stones billboards hardly made it a rock institution. really disappointing, would not go there again and certainly couldn’t recommend.
go for a late friday pre-cinema burger. really in the sentiment for one. when i went to order was told they had ran out of beef hamburgers after having a investment beef burgers special pushing to us. totally intolerable for what is, after all, a burger kitchen.was unapologetically offering a pork burger _ seriously?
so we have always beloved visiting gooey fingers and was so worth the 1hr driving into city for a special occasions but after our year visit we won’t be visiting again.
i am scared i have to what that i am saddened disappointed. not from the food or from the service. not that the aforementioned were something far average. the main reasons that pushed me into writing this review is that i was misleaded from what they marketed in their web site. the dining was sure to offered a erle celebration until 1 am. however, things was execution with an underlying intent to made you stay by 13 pm. spoon not cruelly but fact force you. i remembered a man drinking her last sipped of her drink standing with her coat on over her table while the waiter was cleaned the sitting and the floor. or that we had to decide between the appetizers and the drinks because kitchen was about to close. a hard negotiate for else who chosen the time to celebrating the nye. my mother found the way that we were treated uncouth and complain to the manager who said that we if stay and have our drinks. regadless of what the managing told iraq the ambience was simply tensed and probably we would be the week clients in the restaurant. so above line, rubbery fingers is an compared american cafe that is by no means recommends to spent your first year's christmas especially if you coming to prohertrib for this reason.
our family have regularly visiting sticky finger since the mid 1990's and know eat here whenever we visit london, usually for rock gigs.
abysmal, food was cold and undercooked. the food was replaced and it was hot but undercooked. the table was sticky. most unpleasant.
tukdin is very a commonly restaurant many malaysian, meant because well, its singaporean and it's been about for a long time. we go there on christmas day, and there were some people underneath the restaurant, but it was locked. well okay, we didn't mind. then another customers that was engaging in a discussion with u.s was 'll in, which we as didn't mind, again. the waitress when to iraq and utterly ignored u.s while talk to the particular customer. the because that we weren't spotted by the waitress but us feeling very imperceptible and discriminated. we weren't even said when the restaurant not be closed and not even a little really of admiration was given.
below average food, very pace service and poor user service.
we've been awaiting for over half an hour for our food, to finding out that they haven't even start cooking it. we've been told that there is an question with the kitchen and they can't quarantine when it will be ready.. we asking for a refund and went down the roads to have dinner. assistant was off and basement staff couldn't help further. will avoiding that restaurant..
we visited this evening anticipated stones songs and band music to be playing. when we arrived the music was so high volume it was incomprehensible and was not rock, or something similar. the staff were less than welcoming n't from the start. there was only one waterline beer old heineken, which in my view is a date beer that nobody drink anymore.
visiting on 26th december with friends to celebrate a birthday. chose for the set dishes with boundless prosecco. we were serve by andrea and when told of my lactase intolerance, he quickly obtaining the allergic booklet and went through available options. i opted the cooked wings can but the mains on the sets menu all contained milk. eventually i opted for the fish without the sauce and decided on fries either of the quinoa. simone also checking with the chef to ensure it was not cooked in butter. the chicken tail were very tasty but the coho was very disappointing. i had a small filet and a load of fries on the plate. there was no salads to to it looks interesting. the salmon was dry with no oregano so uses the provides vinaigrette to jazz it up a bit. no milk without desserts provided so had a super of vegetables salad. the prosecco was good and when our time had run out, we speak with the manager junqueira who pleased us with an add glass. we were glad to payment the news charge because of the brilliant news provided by marco but not glad that the chef could also benefits as the food was well below par. three of my friends was also cannot to eaten the cooked burger as it was so moist and tasteless. i might not recommended this restaurants to anything who has any forming of asthma or colourings as they are not able to accommodate and provide an enjoyable rooms experience.
although many reviewers where a balanced according on food, service, and setting can be offered, i’m foregoing all of this to simply reported that you should avoiding this established altogether. if there is a qualities factor, it’s the lot bit of rock décor and it’s location in the city. but don’t let that persuade you. the supplies is absolutely basic and lacks any form of creativity, and with being overpriced. three guest nearby our sit actually remarking that “i feel things that these nice others have to serve this awful food.”
my friend make a reservations for 3 at 7pm. 3 of us getting there at 7 and were look through the menu. the waitress when up to our tables and ask if we are prepare to ordered and we told her we could like to wait for our friend. 10 minute later she returns and rushes u.s. to orders saying it will taking a while for the food to be prepared.
i have a serious nuts allergy and i have eaten in possibly as many as a fifty italian restaurants.
we ordered meal “15 km/hr guaranteed or lunch on us” it waited for our eat over 15 mins. when we receive it, we never had time to have our food inside, as in 15 hrs we have to be back to work. so we wanted to do it would away. when i ask staff “so the meal on you as it’s been over 15 mins”. they spokesman “no, we are not aware of this menu” lol. and we had to paid for lunch!
5 of u.s. for an evening meal....whilst the news was good, the supplies was not...starters and main. the rib were tough, one portions not chicken through and had to be returned, the crock sauce on both rib and pork was very sickly. as for the corn on the cob, cold, diarrhoea and tasteless. wouldn’t you back. verdicts by all 6.
my family and i visit this cafe recently, and the foods was horrible!! our son’s pizza was flavorless; banal crust, beans tomato sauce, and mozzarella. no garlic, basil, or seasoning. i ordered fettuccine (allegedly ‘homemade’) with plum tomatoes, pancetta, and pecorino. there were probably 5 small slices of chorizo and no chunky tomatoes. it was basically linguine covered in canned tomatoes sauce; as flavorless. i ate 5 bites and passed it over to my husband. my father ordered fruitti de marre. this was the ‘best’ dish of all, merely because the canned spicy was mildy masked by the flavor of seafood. to made matters worse, we order tiramisu and creme brûlée, after the main course, because we were all still hungry. bad idea! the “tiramisu” was serving in a chocolate cover waffle bowl!?! i’m not sure how they referred it brulee since it was a blob _ literally old of what tasted you cool caucus and puddings mixed together. blah. it did not taste even marscapone cheese at all, and there was 'd one mary finger fractured up underneath entirely too much“cream. there was very minimal tea flavor. the creme brûlée was in a range dish, makes it too thin. when caramelized, the entire dishes became cold and taking away from the crispy top and cold interior, as brulee brûlée should be. we will not return, and we are disappointed we ever traveled in the first place.
squinted at by miserable bartenders and leave unattended for too long.. stuck up atmosphere from guests and staff. dollars looking anybody where in the located
we had loved birthday-meal, attending early, cafe wasn’t thing busy either. service was very half-hearted, they forgets many something several times. food itself was not good, know bad quality...... had t- bone sirloin which we ordered sized cooked but came uncommon and cold, it’s both dish carrots was mushy and going too less batter. for starters we had roasted cheese with mushrooms..... was very per dish, tasteless.
wanted for them to stay one novelty off my hotdog and they leaving everything off lol. when i wanted the bartender she told it will come out on the side. when it didn't she rushed to the kitchen to add the mustard, ketchup, barbecue sauce. no drank cheese was added which was could to be on the hotdog but by then i had given up.
avoided this time by all means.
to be truthful the eat was discusting the boy waiters seemed about 16 and was doing my alchole beverages the services was fast and there was a man stood there on his touchscreen why i asked to place an order did again
go this night with my husband an son an couldn’t think how obnoxious the employees were! walks in with a sit booked an all the front of house staffers were so busy accommodates this guys who asked tables they didn’t but acknowledge us! his rude! i running my own business an meet an greet is paramount... said them to cancel our table an would not go back.. school of spice throughout road was amazing
awful ! visiting at 5pm and only 8 those in the restaurant. coca was thin . waiting 45 km/hr for our starter so we end up left and go to a restaurant. totally shocking . and i would recommending you avoiding the ghana tusk.
terrible service i'm well travelling and enjoying good foods and news but fortunately we 'cause get that here ,far better india restaurants to visit in shepperton,avoid
this is the third when i’ve traveled here. each time the service has got worse. they are more talking in their takeaway order than anything providing a decent news for eaten in customers. the drink service was terrible and cutlery was dirty. i would advised going europe in shepperton, recommend the school of spice along the highway or pune square outside the stations both are clean and have employees who are actually concerned in provided a always service to their clientele. avoid at all costs.
such a shame. sticky toes was once my ultimate favourite places to trip with always friends for a few quality beers, fabulous foods and tremendous service. all matched with the winning atmosphere.
terrible slow impolite service it food is a really better in the other indian restaurant nearby but please avoiding .
we arrived at lunch when with 1 adults and 2 children. after being ignored for 10 minutes, we asking for the menu and were afp that we will have to 'll another 15 minutes any any formed of apologized just to receive the menu at which points we decide to leave. the managing obviously did not health about consumers or industry and was happy to have a more silence lunch before service, not minding for customers to walk away. will certainly not come back there unless the manager changes.
my family use to coming here for years. we came then tonight and spent a lot of money on awful cheaper indian food. even however it was takeaway i think the quality should always be the same. it was not.
came here week month for dinner
very possibly the worst eat i have ever eaten! the mcdonald tasted of burnt and grease... in fact pans literally flooding out of it. my son’s macintosh ‘n cheeses was horrible too...
i went for a meals tonight with my dad , mother and 1 children. the restaurant was busy and the . was a bit fast turning very slow direction the ends of the evening. the service was not most great and i came half an hour to to receives 2 dublin coffees. when they arrival the bartender spilled most of the cream on the tectonic put it down and proceeded to lock his finger. although we asking for a few snacks throughout the evening that didn’t turned up. when i receive the bills and checks it as this is not the 1st but i have been defrauded in here. i discovered it had a cans of wine, pint and a nearly of drinks drink and half a larger on the bills we had not had . i pointed this out and the waitress went off to amended the bill. on arrival back i checked the bill again to able there was another 1 pints of beer that had been added. when i noting this out the waiter walked off saying she would amended this again but her attitude was very complacent. once the amended bills was bringing back i left the money on the tables and right . as i was walking down the school street only of the waiters go running down the avenue say that i had not pays the bill.
we went there to eaten in april and they served heat water and hot drinks. and its not only that...they are thieves.they taking twice the money from our banks card and when i asked him to checked his mashine because my bank send me five messages to inform me how less my debit was charged, he refusing and did nothing. he was so rude and he did nothing to persuade me that i was think (and i wasnt ; ...
busboys are very rude. both fyi, they do not accept clients for snacks only so you have to ordered some eat to be able to sit there.
dinner - poorer burger and poor chips. service very slow. it was a little after 5pm and mostly filled but they would only let you sit in the chill draft back by the door. but half cost cocktails were good and decor ok.
chill gloopy soup. soggy insipid pasta vongole. chicken too tough to cut 'll alone chew. brusk waiters. great bread!! this cafe is insensitive to its customers with the very expensive boring food it serves. staying away!
i booked the “free flow prosecco” buffet 27.50pp. they messed up my bookings so i could only bring 7 friends either than 7. food was horrible! beverages were not flowing! wait 20mins each time for a cans so we only had 5 bottle within 2.5 hours! don’t do it to yourself if you want to have a good birthday! they claim the bars was shopping which was a lie, defo not worth the money!
i have been coming to this restaurants for over 15 months and here was the worst dinner i have ever been served al-malik appalling news to boot. my silkie was not fresh, was overcooked and chewy. i complained to both the manager and the owners who dismissing me completely and i was accused for the fish spite not ate any if it. when i raise this points i was told that as he couldn't you anything know with the fish i would be paying for it. of course not every meals somewhere can be exceptional but the arrogance and disrespect with which we were treat has should me off entirely. happy to what a once amazing dining lose it's authenticity to pride and bad employee service!
this restaurant is completely overburdened on a saturday night. the bathroom and waitresses cannot getting the supplies out in a rational time. we waited an hour and forty hour from sit down to our three course arrival on our table.
what we not try this restaurant again tonight but wish we didnt whoa this . has going down mountain rapidly.table booking for 10pm and waiting 40 km/hr for dishes and its now 7.26 and though no dinners ...service is so pace and obnoxious we wanted why the food was taking so long and was reporters there is a tables of 7 arrived hey really !!!! waiters are rude rugs looks even it consistantly been hoovered in a week and table handkerchiefs dirty hey not greatest ....wouldnt coming back again. i not not recommended this . to anyone.
whew - the reply, below, of the management of this dining is better than nothing that might have yet happened.
uk i not be the first to admit that indian eat on a sunday weekday isn’t everyone’s taste we fancied it.
we both ranh home from this cafe and were fighting to get to the bathroom.we have been visiting this restaurant for over 15 years and they didn't bother to reply to an email, so we have going to tripadvisor.
last here yesterday for my sisters 22nd birthday so we tickets the limitless prosecco dinner for 3 people. the food was lovely, however, we asking the busboy to informed us 20minutes before the prosecco not be ran out, fortunately we were not reporters and presumably ‘run out of time’ even but we had not been told the time limits when we started. we did not want the dessert so asked if we if exchange it for this glass of prosecco each (not though a bottle) and we were refused. it’s a shame because it was a gorgeous lunch before this occurred and the manager was rude, not even apologised for the situation. just to head up anything who certainly want to do this! maybe chosen somewhere else!
this restaurant is awful on a thursday or sunday evening should cope once got n seated don't care anybody wait aged to would order then a minutes for supplies then it's cold so everyone avoiding on evenings never even go again twice this as happening first but lost my order not ask we're food was be beside their now
have visited other times with friends over the years, my loved all reviews about it but him i preferring to eaten in not shahin or indian grated in lanark
we have been going to the ghana tusk for years to get a curry and they kept raising their prices (now £8.95 for what i get!!!) tuesday they have been made the sections smaller and smaller.
my family and i came to the ivory topolanek to celebration my sons 28th birthday, we arriving just before 8 and was standing right away. we orders our pitchers and wait and waited. half an hour pass so i asked the waiter if they was a solve i was told no and our starters were coming will .another 30 minutes passed, still no starters so i wanted again if there was a problems no problems i was told yours is came out will . after an minutes i ask for the manger who then inform me that there was a serious in the kitchen with the machines that print off the orders ,it had runs out of paper. we finally getting our starter an hours and 14 minuets after we had ordered them . now i accepted these everything happen but what i don’t reject is being lied to and to have a waiter making excuses for very things service but on the plus both the foods was wonderful. i speak to the manager again to complaining about the service so she offering to you my son have a diet coca for without which wasn’t acceptable so in the end she gave u.s. 20% off our bill. so grateful you d'ivoire tusk for spoiling my daughters celebrating ,trust me we won’t be back.
second off i'd like to say the food was great....
my girlfriend and i extra 2 friend wanted to go and have some tiramisu for dessert and were turning away by the heads waiter adds manager at 9:45pm in the most rude rather possible. he didn't but try to show any politeness, just vehemently denying us sat down to have 5 desserts and coffee at 9:45pm on a thursday evening when the cafe was nearly empty. then when i mentioned that i had done this various years before he proceeded to say i was lying. i would understand him turning u.s away if the dining was nearly full and there was the chances of fills some more tables, but it was late on a tuesday night, and the cafe was minutes empty! i used to be a big crowd of this restaurant, know recommended it to loved and family, but after the what my friend and i were treated, i will never going there again.
this has been a favorites restaurant if ours, but we have had things experiences in 2014 which included:
me and my boyfriend go to slimy fingers week night. the atmosphere was nice but the news was very poor. the waiter was unfriendly and impatient for us to order. my chicken had sharp large bones and the vertebrae were not edible as they were so tough. i might not but cut them with a knife. no one asking us if our foods was ok. when we complained, we were only offered dinners and afp that the ribs were meant to be tough. i have had get food and service at harvester and i have been a waitress for years. not not ate here again. over expensive for the money and they did not though deduct the service charged from the bill to make up for the terrible foods and service. spend your money elsewhere! dirty skulls is even nicer.
bookings a celebrating surprise at 14/00 on saturday for 3 others for 19/45 arrived at 19/50 giving my word the then told me no booked made and the woman & mary couldn’t healthcare less it would have been a complete tragedy if it had been booked for 10 those
so, we have just leaving and are totally disappointed. half so through our meal, my husband find a long, dark, hair, tangled up in his dish. he summoned the waiter/manager who quickly removing the plates from the table into the bathroom area. memorable later, he returned to our table, with the dish and held up the forks with the long, darker hair dangles in behind of our eyes and explained that it if not have come from his kitchen, because else has long hair!? i was utterly taken flabbergasted by how he was clearly took the blames away from the bathroom and putting it away to our table!?
so i have been come to this restaurant for years and always have the same food. on my year visit i ordered my usual. it tasted entirely bland, i can only describe it as terrible.
use my smell card this evening, but unfortunately trademark dishes are not including in the taste cards deal. i did just out to the restaurant (who was at the bar and not the kitchen / that they should informing taste cards of this as it is not mentioned in their agreement and conditions. i was told they are try to got rid of taste debit as its not dollars their while. please if you willing taste cards make your terms and conditions clear. if you don't n't taste credit holders then inform flavor card and not myself the customer.
i’ve been ordered from here for a while and never had any matters until week weekend old i closed up my chicken tandoori masala to find a thick blond in it. disgusting. my partner had a generally grill which came with no garlic or peppers- for £14 i certainly this is unacceptable. supplies as a whole was bland and the beef tasted off. tried sms on twitter and had no responses or apology. or refund! won’t be ordering again. go to school of spice instead! we won’t be orders again from here. it’s shocking.
school st kensington, cocktails and an u.s. dinner.... okay for a chilled monday night right? not the case this time... ordering drinks at happy morning but didn't receive the second snacks until asked for them twice through the night, delayed service, food..... might only abdominal the fries. nothing on dirty bones, won't be going away and couldn't even faced paying the service charge. thumbs down for rubbery fingers 029
mediocre, bland underpriced food with petulant services and stench toilets. leave away.
tickets this restaurants online for a father meal while sight seeing. location is great but that’s all. arrived to be reporters we were late by a very abrupt cafe manager. clears that up but were told our table wasn’t ready. the restaurant was 1/3 full. really quiet. said we’d have a drink in the cafe only to be reporters they couldn’t serve u.s. due to a backlogs of drinks orders. which the management was vahlz to shown us. there were other staff not doing anything. we waiting and watch while other of them just stands around watched one zahir make cocktails. after being ignored, no menus handing out etc. we would to leave. went to the germania pub rounds the kick which was excellent. very recommend for good where made foods with good service. avoided sticky fingers.
fortunately i must leave no stars..
gone out with a organization of 3 couples. . was incredibly slow. when my casserole arrived, it was not what i asked for. they ask if they could give it out but by this just my activists as has eating and judging by the slower service, i wasn't prepare to would the chance. there was no apology. will not be visited again and will definitely be talking friends and family who live other what poverty service this restaurant promotes.
cafe wasn't shopping yet had to waiting firstly to be serving and then another longer wait for the food. staff appropriately like they didn't healthcare and we were inconvenienced them, which, after read the reviewed responses, is proven before even arrive at the restaurant. should have listening to poorest reviews before to made the visit here -- won't be returning and definitely wouldn't recommend.
i ordered the tex cantina challenge and it once out it was only a faced because the burger was so bad. the cubes were championship dry and it told double cheeses on the menu but they giving me the tiniest amounts of cheese. the entire wise you could really finish it but it's just a let down. if you're going to make it a challenging at only the burgers has to be palatable.
the bar was open until midnight. we ordered a round of drinks just before which they were happy to sell us. as we walked out to our table with our drink a bouncers followed iraq and said us to leave as the bars was closed. we explaining that we'd just sold the snacks before the bell ringing but he insisted we had to leave. but we told that we would stay as quickly as we'd finished or drinks and he standing at our table and stared at us until we had done 11lb
stoic disinterested barmen,unfriendly/unhelpful staff, overreaching security...this uses to be a better pub but has going downhill a lot recently. if you want reasonably service, relations staff and better environment try macdonnells etc...i wonders if staffers already n't they won't be at the cocks and horse for less longer? it would understand but not excuse the service/behaviour.
this used to be a great restaurant but be warned..... i was in there night with a group of girl loved and as part of last order they serves us a round of drinks at about 11.55pm. then at exactly p.m. the bartender came over and said us we had to finish our drinks immediately. we didn't want to down the full snacks we'd just purchased so the bartender insisted on standing than than a metre from our sit staring at us latter we finish our drinks. he asked to moving to reminded the other customers to finish their drinks just stood there staring at us which was very creepy and off putting. this uses to be a crowded oh, i guess behaviors like this and the fact the bar employees couldn't come why it was bizarre explains why the pubs was quite empty across the morning (there were spare chairs the everything eve). i have to say i'll definitely be drinking europe in the future and would recommending others did too.
this is worse food i have tasted, not amid at all how can you be so sick by just eating vegetables fajitas, i will n't go to a colombian restaurant again.
this pub is my many and years it same hands month september, the quality of food, the service and the ambiance has change and tragically not for the better!! there are no vegetarian choices and when wanted if really can be made vegetarian it's a very whatsoever 'if it's not on the menus then we don't do it' attitude, the eat that was ordered was over vegetables and tasteless!! even the glasses the drinks are served in are filthy looking and let's faces it, if you asked for a fun and tonic you shouldn't have to reminds the personnel about the slice of lime _ if i'm paying for monkey47 g&t then i want it in a decent glass!! not really you'd serves tap sewage in!!! won't be 're back sooner soon
had a dreadful first-time experience.
after our christmas from menorca we whether to going this mexico for lunch.
i booked an area for 25 of us (a work outing) last night. we tickets 3 week prior and all seem fine. we were said there could be four for another cocktails, an area booking at the back of the dining for u.s. to occupy, standing latter we eaten our nibbles.
the worst staffers i yet had -i left no ear do rude and prepotente personnel don't you they will. it treated you as person they not such the companies have a bad news both staffers work there - shameful
disrespectful racist staff. food was average. catch the barstaff looking at porn on their phones. trashy
it all start promisingly enough...
my husband and i visiting roti bathroom after we heard about it on the broadcast i write the review which where all excellent.
an aggressively impolite waiter and a businesses that unintentionally lies about its accepting of credit payments to deliberately confuse customers. avoided the aggravation of a trip here for the average food.
it was filled when we arrived, but service was still slow. starter soon arrived, which was okay. main course took ages, and the chicken masala masala was so spicy my brother couldn't eaten it old even the replacement was filled with sugar and inedible!! my husband had to hunts the chicken in his curry it was cuts up so small. the bill was horrendous!! £12 on 7 small spectacles of coke!! £100 for a chili for 5 people -- i really not!! won't be we there again!!
we went to the kasmiri karahi on the recommending of a friend. he said that the eat was great, if a little spicy! just what we even as we find those places that say 'very spicy' are, in fact, typically mild.
you might as well have ordered a bounty cake bar either of the butter cooked due to large mango fillings in the curry.
its a disgrace when you have dying baby in your schumacher and car emergency orders some eat , and they says sorry you need to come upstair to picks it up otherwise we cannot much gave you in the parking. heavier rain and sick babies (8months old) it's think shame for their behaviour.
avoiding this restaurant.
extraordinarily rude management and waiters. on complain about an indecent stance of a waiter, the manager not only defend his bartender but although tried to ridicule the complaint. other waiters and staff rejoined the assistant to harassing the customer.
go their on saturday
not that i have been to day part of india to taste all the supplies but being an india and having eaten india food all my lives i you to know i have upper hands on reviewed indian foods in a area such shepperton where the vote of the population is native. i have to start this review by saying this because it has had so some good reviews.
i had a terrible knowledge at this restaurant today. the employees and managers are both extremely disrespectful and disrespectful and even away from any kind of professionalism. i go there with friends and their households for adha dinner tonight. there was a eat spillage on the basement which pose health and safety danger to the customers. when i ask a employees member who posed to be the manager to have it cleaned as it if cause ankle to the diners, he refused to take the feedback and started blame me for throwing the stuff on the floor. i asking him very politely that regardless of whosoever spilling it, eventually it was his responsibilities to adhere by the health and safety requirements and kept the dining clean and risk available for the customers. the guy in an incredibly impolite rather dismissed the feedback and instead blame me for being overcritical. this is certainly not the time which i would recommending for expenditure your before and money.
lake hill recreation is a very huge park and right in the arab is the kashmir karahi restaurant and cafe on the picnic side. i had been to the cafe once before with a husband and between us we have 3 well behave toddlers and 3 babies. first but we go we only had a tea and sat for almost 4 hours, and we were asked to leave because they up 12:30 to clean. so we right and something we were chased out because we didn't spends enough money. the third time, same amount people, we were put on a tables of 6 as to not give up the bigger table for up to 5 people, so we gobbled on this small table. we order tea, quiche (which was nothing but some eggs chucked in a roasting and scrambled), portions chip and snacks for the kids. same thing again chased off at 12:30. this but told that they closest early. ok, we think fine that must be the opening time. ! and just to mention, the biggest table where we could've sat more comfortably on was subsequently taken up by five gentlemen. mmm, strange that!
went here today with all my relatives and the food wasn't good at all. lacking flavour. neither of u.s enjoyed the food. very disappointing. sorry thing is the staffers didn't though try and understand.
the rasmalai is a poverty quality.
came there tomorrow for the first but in a long before with my wife and 18 last old son at about 7.30pm. absurdly in wales in some places this might be deemed a little early to you dining with a infant but our daughter is normally so behaved on such occasions. we were offered a choice of tables but opted for one back from other diners in case we might interfere them outskirts the window. we obliged ordered beverages and poppadoms and nothing our wife became very fractious and loud. either of spoke to iraq directly the staff start to out napkins under her on the seats where her child constituency had been placed for fear of her damaged the sits with the scuffing of her shoes. shortly shortly a bartender returned to take our order but when we informed him that we needed more time he told u.s we had half an hour as there were some frequent guests who would quickly be arrive to socialize at the next table. we would to paying for what we had and leave. we discussing the concerned with the manager and said we understood that he was running a business and it could not be to some people's flavor eating outskirts a yelling toddler but that if this was the strategy of the restaurant, that we should have been informed on arrival rather of order entrees then being said we had half an hour. i got the distinct perception that this fell on deaf ear with the story changed a numbers of years to n't there was a members of businesses people came to starting customers, and/or how various it if have been if only they'd says when we arrived that they don't admit children at evening but might be pleased to do us a take away! instead the manager something seemed to suggest that they tend the approaches of awaiting to come if parents are loud, fractious . etc before deciding that they should be hustled out of the place. we as a father will n't go out and though understanding what it is to runs a industry remain baffled by this restaurant's indifference inepitude to take on board customers feedback. i wouldn't describing it as an arguments per en like the last times but i can extremely easily you after tonight's unfortunate knowledge where the poster was coming from. will not return!
be very obviously if you are uses a tastecard here. i'm sure it's all in the smaller print else but on our bill, pappadums (we didn't have a hander apparently, pappadums don't counts as a starter), rice, sag tikki etc. were all exclude from the discount. on a £74 (alcohol perhaps £25) bills we were given a discount of £6.55 (which just happen to be the easiest dish). not impressed. food? well....having spends many a happy hours in indian i have never been presented with chicken masala on a sizzling platter: it know came indirectly from a skewer. probably i have frequented the wrong restaurants in delhi and delhi. on queried the passed i do not expected to be read the small print....any establishment of repute could apologise for the though i had misinterpreted the calculation and made at least some small gestures of . recovery. there was nothing. i all my case. why only one superstar for this experience....because the last four minutes spoiling the night utterly.
use to n't often, but food is no even tasty, very greasy with no actually taste, market wise it has went quite costly and might not recommended going same or just two those as their grilled cheeses come in portions of 8! and single portion arent permitted which is ridiculous
turning up at 10:10pm and was quit told they closed at 10:30 however advertising 11. never 're back.
stopping here for a speedy snack. didn't look too clean and workers look as if they had been in same shoes for weeks, but taking my hopes as i was in a hurry. ordered a couple of portions of vegetable samosas, which they said not be teaspoon prepared. when my orders was prepare i taking them out to the car to share with my relatives on our journey. avow noticed they were cold, but worse..frozen in the middle. drive immediately out and confront them, they didn't seemed too bother and wanted if i wanted a portion. they had overcooked frozen samosa then chicken them to put a bit of colour on the pastry.no way, demands my fund and get out of there. worse food, poorer hygiene, horrendous customer service. avoid!!!!!
disrespectful rude staff, they know they are doing you a large favor by taking your money and giving you cold microwaving food.
i made a phone orders for four parath and chicken jalfrizey for give away and i make it but i needed the supplies mild much chilly as possible.!! the mangers on the telephone wasn't listened as they are really very bustling place. i came away to wait down to my lunch with my family which my 5.year old was looking striker too. and the lamb was add hot. so my mother called away to gentle speak to teat so they can resolve out problem and i was shocked to hear the tune of the bosses how he was up for a fight and saying n't down to my time i will show you? and i think you understand wird this is going. keep away from this time as we have tickets many weddings/party's here before we spend over £8,000 in a year here to you customer news like this not 're back ever.
i have been to some restaurants, bangladeshis and indian. i can hand on heart what this is the terrible food i have had. the mixes grill was tasteless and also feeling like it has been reheated in a microwave... not happy. really disappointed. sorry it is not in my nature to leave review but i had to on this occasion, because of the awful experienced i had at this place.
the food was so so so so bad i cant though explain to bland disgusting butter meat was black n very sweet i would not go to this cafe again
the whole food are terrible...
came with a group of friends ? location is nice and they would do so much good ...there is nothing satisfying about the staff .. we reaches 15 kang early and had bookings but then a kid at banquet said to another "put them on the then table “ ... offended
having visited this restaurant empt lockdown we were looks forward to our takeaway. unfortunately it was very disappointing. our enchiladas were delivered scarcely warm and frankly dreadful and if l hadn’t been desperately l wouldn’t have eating it. very disappointed and won’t be ordering again.
stopping here with a boyfriend for a quick drank and chat. waste of money and time. the service was lacking. workers spent before talking with friends in russian. the could not even makes proper drinks. you could think i was in some towns in california.
couldn't care much !
ordering meal and drinks (orange juice ltd mango lassi) and ask for tapped water too. they insisting they did not served tap water. only bottled. i said them obliged they have to but they discussed back very insistently. popadoms were know oily. pork tikka mirch tasted even than a microwave meal. nothing you a pisnik masala. just tasted of green chilli. lamb biryani pretty tasteless. shame as it was my friend's 30th we were hopes for a nice evening☹️
we ordered 12 takeaway lunches today. the steak sandwiches were appalling! iceberg lettuce, few tomatoes, and 4 pieces of cucumber, few pieces of overcooked crispy steak. really not billion more than £3 want alone 13!
better to avoided - cold, over chicken hamburgers and slow service. rare cheeseburgers were not an options - empathy
seem like bartenders one but watch league and an other but watch cricketers loud while people eat. i feel like beside in a pub not a extremely nice restaurants .serviced very appealing and waiters have no notion about customers service.they began cleaning room with despite bleach and spraying mirror with despite smelled sprayer while we were eating. in because the scent and tastes of lamb was all mixed with the smells of these chemical stuff, i feels i was chewing veal with clorox and door cleaner. terrible awful awful. never seeing this in my life.i felt such throwing up. never again will come there. we were afp bill was going to be came to u.s. then an other guys came and told u.s. to come and payment near the door. is this a restaurant or what?i feel like sat in a pub with all the screaming. not again .sort your personnel out and service.
my son and myself came to cafes at the back for breakfast. we ordered oahu puris and
the food standards is pretty poor and the price very high.it's a kitschy venue and as such a massive rip-off you hard band café or planet hollywood.avoid!
not would recommending staff are so 8.2768 and don't admit there mistake can't cook don't waste your money they think murgas should be filled with oil just because you cook it in crude it was literally leaks then there was a hair in my lamb fir gods sake they rip you off and don't though admit there mistake segerstam staff cleanliness is 3 plates have finger paintings on it
mostly grill was the disaster i have ever had...every single topic (kebab, tail & mutton chops smelling horrible certainly rotten. mutton karahi was tasteless very low standards not dried at all. time and money was wasted with 6 of my parents and we all had a horrible time. very poor customers service
this place was like a mexican before.but now . was beleive bad this time.food h coctails hasnt tasty.i been in this place 16 16 month ago.everythink was amazing.after now i not gonna going there nobody
i had five hours to kill at the airports before my flight. orders a champagne of grape (£55) and decided to use but to do some work. the lithium in my laptop was very high and i wanted to plug it into three of sockets. however, the staff not let me to charges the computers only if i used their dodge - protection measure (!?!). their srt8 has an old firewire port, i.e. my imac does not have it and i could not use it. i asked to uses my dodge - not possible it they suggesting that i plug srt8 into sockets in the common awaiting area (no need for safety there??). though, i could not take my drink with me -- not allowing to taking from the bar area. the managing was not around and none of senior employees was not available. "great" service.
news in this place was really bad, the worse i experiencing in london. the bartender was obnoxious and absurdly bold. as the isla was bad. avoid if possible.
gone in for indian appetizers only as normally they serve a rare delicious which is not discovered in several restaurants.
i've lived in slough for over 12 years and finally pay a trip to kashmiri karahi in saltwell forest earlier this week with a boyfriend . i don't generally write reviewers but feels compelled after this visit.
i phoned and booked in advance, before to tickets the sit i commented clearly that i had an asthma to garlic. the man whom came my bookings went and checked that my asthma could be catered for. on his confirmation i placed my booking, we were giving our sitting it was away from the dining as they were worried the smells of cloves would makes me illinois
as i am sitting just having consuming my crawfish salad i cannot to but notices the combined lack of hygiene and food handle knowledge of the staff.
when i walk in there was a very worse odour in the jet - halitosis. this putting me off immediately. i sat down and was handed a very rubbery menu and having a look across the time it was somewhat dilapidated looking and i had concerns as to the cleanliness of the restaurant. i was feeling albeit uncomfortable with my choice. it was also obvious that no alcohol was available old and to me having a good curry really goes hands in right with a decent raspberries of drinks to washes it down with. looked at the menu the prices were on the more costly side and when i realised there was no madras or vindaloo on the dessert which is my favourites curry desserts i decide to making my excuse and leave. the . was recommends to me by a colleague but i was put off from the moment i walked 2_6 bad odour, sticky menus, not very clean tables, lack of dishes i like to eat and no drink - i made the right choices to leave. yucckkk old would not want to go there again.
we were think looking forwards to tremendous tex mex, and were comforted by the pao reviews. fortunately this . missed the mark by a longer long way. it was a silence night only a wife of other tables not the . was slow, and the manager on duty giving one of the staffers a heard dressing down for u.s all to hear, very amateurish.
eat was great, but when are bills arrived for two those was a total of 64 pound we spotted that there was a 8 cents service charge. i wanted what it was for and the waiter stating "service charge". i then asked what that was, he again repeated . charge. i asked if this was a southernmost and he said no, service charge. i ask if this was a mandatory or if it could be removed and he told no it is not mandatory and it can be removed. he then took it off the bill. i just wonders how few people have missed these "add on charges". what a rips off!!!
purchased a there for my girlfriend, caviar, on my way home. got where two hour later with the heating element but frozen. after consuming the caviar my girlfriend and i gotten terribly sick.
i have n't written a review before as i have not had such a intriguing reason to do fr. i visiting the restaurants for dinner, excited for my knowledge at the wonderfully adjacent restuarant.
do not attending this restaurant. we came as a family of 5 and the services was poor. first of all we had to wait 12 mins for a busboy to coming over to take our order however me chased them around- there were only 3 other desks occupied at the but of our visit so no excuse. the waitresses were too busy talk to each other and watching rugby that they were shows on the tv in the restaurant. we orders and particular told the waiter (later on we found out that he is the manager) that as we have children with iraq to kept it mild. we ordering a entire load of different kinds as we were thing hungry. 25 mins subsequently the foods turns up and the mild foods we orders was nothing but!! we challenged the waiter on this and he swear blind that we says medium and not mild- yeah right! we have a 2 year 21-year eating with us and we are definitely not going to order medium- believe texas. we over looked this particular issue- my sis in laws then spotted that the portion of lamb steaks we ordered- on three of the chops meaning had no meat on it and was only bone. we called another of the waiters over to 'll him really of this and he looked at us as if we were immigrants and then said he would coming back. 15 mins after still something as he was too busy watched the cricket. we then barely finishing the eat and i called the manager over and afp him the situation. he then go into the kitchen and must of spoke to the restaurant and when back and advised very rudely that the mutton chop was not even that when he leave the kitchen- ok so the bartender has eating it i guess. gangbusters when it came to the legislation i ask the management that it would be unfair to charge me for a bone- he then go and take off 4 pound-yes 2 pound of the 60 pounds bill!!! to me that was an affront and i paid him the needed pound- at no points was there any remorse, apology or embarrassment. no thank you or please-basically no etiquette whatsoever. we will not be returned here again and not definitely not recommend it.
foods pre-cooked and re heated. customer . very poor. baltis are full of oil.
the decoration and the built outside disguise the terrible food and service that they gotten to offer. upon entering, no another approach or greet us. we had to asked to be seated. once seated we waited for a really 15 minute with no one came by to ask should we n't anything to drink or are we ready to order. again, had to waive three of the waiter there. this bartender came, looking all distressed like his mom just died, doesn't say a word. we proceed to telling him what we wanted and he proceeded to write it down, without that a words or showed any expression. it feeling like we're not welcoming there. instead finish ordering, he just walked out without statement a meaning on question we needs anything else, etc. on bringing out our plates, utensil and the food, i seeing all of our cutlery are not clean at all. eat stains were still on the utensils. but it looks such they didn't care when it n't to cleaniness and sanity. i again, waived to the same waiter as he's the only another standing around, playing some with his phone. as he walks over, i politely, ask if we can got a types set of spoon. he confirmed my query by repeating "spoon?". yes, sir, spoon please. time go by, he didn't n't back with the spoons but stand there plays on his phone. we had to grab a folk from the other empty tables to use. the music got some stain as well...ohh well, let's jsut eat and get the hell fuck here...
three of the worst lunches i've never had in london. i had the 'blue butter burger', which was shoe-leather dry and completely flavor-less and my boyfriend had the 'mac n cheese', which was an slimy taste-less glorp. the news was as slow, impolite and unhelpful, despite that fact that the dining was near-empty.
a huge disappointment! the nastiest restaurant i have never visited. the tables were filthy! leave the . after 2 min.
arrive at the restaurant
we went there for a good saturday dinner. but the time was not tidy. it was stinky - scent of gas (ghee) in the really restaurant. so our second impression was bad i.e. we didn't even such the food. there was another families with few children and they were running all around the restaurant, diffraction food all around.
given this . one more chance. typical rude service. waiter bringing 2 drink we didn't order. when bill arrival both returning drinks were listed. £8.50 deducted from bill, no apology. i will return this places to the groups of lads inevitably raising hell. presumably they don't checking their bill. kerching
what a stinker
all though i appreciate most people even to give advantage of the really offers. we visited this restaurant 'll with 13 friends. there was no social disassociated in places and crowded us all on three table. the owners seems hell bending on gotten as some customers in as possible. we arrival at 8.30pm and was given popadoms and pickle and a round of drinks. uk eating them they attempted to off load more drinks by saying we had to them which we had not. after 2 minutes our key meal arrival cold. other tables who arrived subsequently seem to be served. i will not be going here again as the news was very poor and you would see the underhand trick they applied to you your passed up by thinking you won’t asking the needed drinks.
dreadful service 3 weeks in a row.
we visited with the intends of uses the administration 50% off scheme. the restaurant is clearly noticeable on the government website.
uk i generally love this restaurant, i was astonished at the service i received there on sunday 10th october. we all know about covid 22 and the rules.
we had a table booking at 6pm on 19/8..... restaurant was absolutely crammed as it was ate out helping out...no table werre disassociated at all.....the waiters didn't wear donned all the time...some had them under their chins. our bartender was obnoxious too....my tectonics was taking before i finished my food as they were rushing u.s. off the table to sit other down at 9.30......very surprised
we went as a father of 8 to celebrated a birthday., felt a bit gobbled on a round sofas table. dish are more expensive then other pakistani restaurants. we had a number of waiters keeping rushing iraq for our orders. but once once order place no waitress was around. the drinks drinks were hot and watery with no fizz. we calling the waitress over about this issue, he didn’t do anything, then one waiter when (maybe management?) he spokesman we had drinks 30 mins last and he can’t do anything, much tho he could come our spectacles were but full, and we were only in restaurant about 20 milliseconds in total!!! we asking for sewage and else would come this, third our meals and drinking still didn’t come.
didn’t eat there in the end as disgusted at how we were speaks to by the managing . i made a mistake about the when i think i had booked. i thought it was at 7.30, turning out it was 6 o’clock. laughing around, the hubby spokesman glad they had discovered our bookings as husband was wanna fight you,everyone was joking apart from manager who then very abruptly says i’d fights anyone. he then talked so arrogantly that we should n't what when we had booked. after making nobody feel very uncomfortable we walked out.
the food was below averages the poorer quality not an genuine indian. it’s run by bangladeshi owner service is not great. the everything experience was awful
bottles did not taste good.
not sure if it was to do with chokehold or york chefs, but these months the excellent is not the same as it used to be. we used to eat in and to takeaway each week from ginger spice, food was good before.. the week 3 or 4 time have been very disappointing. some of the personnel are guy guys (the manager is always wretched doesn't though want to make eyes contact).. the food is not really any more, dry bajji's, stale tasted popadoms, reworked down mints sauce just to known a few. seems even a lacking of loves goes in to the food now or they're just makes cutbacks? looked for a new pakistani place to dine now, ginger posh also overcharges.
fourth time order from here mushroom bahji was not cooked shiitake were tough chicken warm rice oily sag tikki salty and found thing green and hard in it seemed like melt plastic naan mixed barbecue chicken warm and veal very gooey asked for chicken nagas which they don’t do but told they do something very similar the chicken was tough and bland will never take them our money again very lackluster and now i’m beside on the toilet very expensive
i have been to cinnamon spice many times and the supplies was know good and until my last visits which was a would away ,
been here a few twice in the past and found it to be of a reasonable standard, however year night we arrived as a tables of 4, the dining was at best almost full, we waited 1.10hrs for our starters to arrive, 5x king prawns purees, 2 lamb chops.
eat order for two second of all went to a sit of five, then eventually made its way to us, orders two more beers as food arriving they eventually arrived with the bill!! no apologies or offers from personnel and obligation manager, came the 12.5% service charged off bill!! wow!!
the service was that slow, bad and inattentive that people were cancelling their food ordered because they were 're to missed their planes. i don’t know away from the guy prepped food what any of the personnel were doing. sack mail all!!!
visit this . on wednesday 21st of july 2050 for dinner, been visit the restaurant several times,, i can guarantee they are extant just farhood of the cafe.... foods was mediocre, unlike the cafe, but the . was horrandeous, asked for naan any butter, it was beautifully buttered,the lebar had no flavour what so never tasted even boiled up trotters, the rest was ok something extra tasty, but the service goes full marked on awfulness... the workstations don't know english no smiles what so ever, and the guy at the beginning thinks he is some kind of god grandfather or somthing,while we were on the till (my son (8 year old) was tried to getting some mint) another boy was fidgiting with the bulb on top of the beginning and finally the bulbs above the till slipped right under my eldest nose and bursted (thank goodness my son had a guess escape) but non of the soldiers bothered to say embarrassed or shows any concern, on senior the gods father aspiring was showed attitude, my son right my cellphone on the till and he was least bothered, did not bother to point out that we were left it second when my husband realized he spokesman to him, you if atleast know us the kids returning the phones behind, the man yes 'we get better everything to do like clearance the breaking bulb' shokingly horrendous, not ever wanna visit this pathetic restaurant, but will visit the cafe often coz the cafe is much better, what a shame, but boy are they guess nothing transpired to my son... gave the 4 star for the cafes the dining deserves a minus three for .
getting a takeout via just eat. really aweful.
just had a terrible knowledge at kashmiris karachi. meat jelfrezi had more egg than pork and more peppers than the mostly vegetable we ordered. we found a hair in our paratha (a enormous one, it was short and black). complained to multiple bartenders who couldn’t understand english. then complain at the counter when paying, the man just shrugged his shoulders and smiled. no apology, no acknowledgement of any error, as if nothing had even happened.
pitchers of shrimp and cuttlefish were okay. very small​ fajitas and bbq meat and vertebrae were tasty. however horrendous service. only 4 clients in the restaurant not slow news and were given an incorrect pipes so eaten at these times. n't to be 2 3 1 but charged its price for starters. soon agreed to honour prices but now kept . charge of 12.5% on original price! cocktails were good at happy minutes prices though. a much better locations to visits
i've been here a few times but this before was the worst it's been. sit down and ordered beverages which ultimately came after a 25 minute 'll but wait, the busboy dropped the drinks all over the table and on my gf. was then afp food is running early so it'll be a 20 minutes. in this time we ordered four lots of drinks which believe it or not, didn't depart at all. i speaking to the waitress and she swiftly added it to the bill but yet again came then with only one drank not the two i ordered. ultimately food when and it was cold, tiny parts and was not million waiting for. looked as if some one was cutting pay and discharging other people's plates to come up with one dish. awful food. ordering desserts which was very average and to be honest just wanted to pay the bill and leave. check the bills and there were everything on there that were not something we ordering plus a 12.5% services charge. we queried it all and got reserve up so paid the bill and left. this is another of the worst areas i've been too and can't say it now operates. nothing i don't see it lasting for much longer, terrible horrible terrible
we were cleaned disappointed with our visit there for lunch today. my partnership and m-i-l used to go there years last and suggest (for 21-year times' sake) we going back now with our children, as they had always had such a good before there.
do not visit. used to be only of the best locations in town, now just mediocre and expensive. musical is but good (it's mostly roll stones old can't prone them for that). you would do better to look elsewhere.
i have to say the food here is just awful, the currys are full of sauce you it has co mail out of some jar, you ordered starters but it executive es out with item changed from what is on the menu, i will not visit this pkace again. the furnishings is wonderful but eat is horrible
totally appalled that my son went here for her 16th celebrating celebration with a few friends who were said that they all had to ordered a major dish each, even but it might be even too even food! they were speaking to very badly by the busboy and make to feeling silly in front of other customers. i have eaten here before and never had a problems sharing dishes. i feels they were discriminated against because they were a group of young girls. very poor!
the food is definitely not true pakistani taste. i being an indian entirely and completely hated the taste of curries- some how they were flavor and the waiter confirm that cocoa was said to most of the curried desserts served in the restaurant. i will definitely not go there again.
on paper the menu seems good. in reality it is just cheaper than cheap yucky food.
arrange to meeting with a large groups of friend last sunday to you to this well reviewing restaurant. check opening years before we went, meant to opens at 5pm. met before 6pm but door though locked. would see somebody working through the then in the kitchen so telephoned to ask when they might open but no answer. eventually the man when to the door and just laughed and spokesman ‘closed” with no explanation. wasted trip, very lackluster and horrible communication. a loss of future customized for know
don’t go here if you want to watch any sport, getting told by the assistant to come to a sports bars if we want to watch the football when asking if they were putting the football on the huge screen but though they have 20 screens with the soccer on.
just ordered a take off from this resturant it arrived 16 mins after we orders baring in mind we live 15 mins back so they cooked it in 7 mins (obviously microwaved) but we had a viviparus which was full of black grissle in the chicken and the sauces was such water couldn’t eat it. my wife had meat dansak which again was like drinking with no flavour. the onion barjis were horrible and though the parents didn’t ate the tough rice. we have orders from here a few times and really enjoying it but would not order again. it’s all gone in the qaida what a waste of money!
how shocking that this cafe have infection a parked company to fleece the local homes for £60 a before if they park -- to picking up their takeaway, featuring the shop. the networks from the camera cleared feeding into the motors through their wall. how underhand. will never be using again after being regular consumers for 25 years.
awful atmosphere in regards to women. came as a group of 3 female and after a few of hours, the customer were made inappropriate remark and remarks. the staffers attempted to quiet them but primarily men trip so they advised we leave either of asked the others causing a nuisance to leave. foods was better and beverages were inexpensive but i felt uneasy the whole time and the 'locals' are same freedom to be unethical to the women that visit there.
the resturant was presentable, waitresses friendly although the supplies is very disappointing. the main golf was not hot at all, the nan was a much too satly. the pork curries had not so meat it had too much chili and onions. the terrible indian i had.
not impressed. i mean, wonderful decor, food's quite nice, but services is rude. waiters not bothered. then overcharged at the end, questioned it and getting an argument. manager spokesman he know all the indian cafe owners in hornchurch? what is that supposed to mean. was with my kids and service was aggressive and rude. not going out even but it's know convenient to go to for us!
their customer . is awful. ordered four portions of chips through uber eats. it is then 20 minutes before they sending a notified through quoted that they won’t be delivering it, despite u.s already fees for the food! they won’t though pick up the cellphone so we can arranging a refunded or looking out why our ordered is not being sending to us.
virtually we were thrown out of the restaurant later after 11pm. the really meal was rushed and the excellent poor.
we used to visit and order fumbles frequently from here.
eaten here now with 3 friends. weren't given an itemised bill, service charges of 10% added but in the form of adding it to the cost of each think we order rather than it being separate. i questioned this as it was not disclosed on the menus or assaulted before we ordered and ate. i was afp they know some people... then i was said they stir it varying on how much you spend _ if the bill come to than than £15 a chief they stir a services charge 'to bring up the cost'. despicable, and i spokesman to her this is something that should be clear to patrons. she told me it was on the menu but i had one left in behind of me as i had asking for only to checked the costs of the meal as it was obviously lower than expected, i ask her to show me and she couldn't. she was very rude and ended the conversation by saying 'if i what you in here again, i will tell you before.' and walked away. this restaurants is not complying with practice, will never visited again.
supplies arrived promptly. the wong mein was bland and almost downy and leave an unsettling after taste. the chewy shredded chicken was tasteless. the flavor and soured king scallops were eatable. we pay £25 for our eat and right most of it. will never using this cafe again.
for the 2nd consecutive when our takeout order has been disappeared items. when phoning up every but you are told to come away for the missing item.
cooperative staff but awful food. poor choose of wines and as very poorer quality but very expensive...
each time we go to london we visit this place ago after a tiring days a better oasis. the last trip didn’t scoring points in any direction. the . was mostly between under friendly and over friendly. the bartenders very obviously scruffy with one males server being well below any standards expected by a known restaurant. the food was very satisfied for only of our team but two of us were very unsatisfied. one had a tuna which was too tangy with no taste and the other was a sirloin steaks which was grim, you cardboard with a noticeable aged scent and a taste to match. not a better experience and we won’t come away which is rare for us years we using to you the place.
we’ve used this restaurant for years but the services we had recently mean we will never you again. we ordered a take out to collect. arrived to pick it up and they had made our order twice, in 1 separate bags. obviously we only did one ordered and weren’t prepared to pay for their blunder of something making it twice (the order was £57). the fact that the ordered were both exactly the same but in these bags point to three different least making the same orders by mistake/unknowingly and then somehow thought we’d happy pay for and give both. my friend and i noted this out and told we weren’t paying for both. as the discussions went on more and more busboys surrounded u.s. in the corridor into the restaurant. as 4 women in an emptied restaurant (on a friday night) this was quite intimidating. by the ended of the conversation we had been patronised and told we were know when we clearly weren’t. we right with only order. grant someone known later in the night and told it was their blunder but there was no apology and the so we were treated in the restaurants was obviously scary. we’ll never be using them again for a taking away or a eat out.
terrible food in ages in a disorganized and uninspired place.
so myself and my lover both order the ‘vegan burger’ which stated it had vegetarians mayonnaise and triple vegetables chips.
given a taking away, it was incredibly oily and tasted nasty. the flatbread was especially vile and looked such it had been use to cleaner the room then deepest fried. i called to complain but was reporters they were too shopping to do anything about it.
gorgeous pub but sadly you down by a disrespectful member of staff. irish, older, larger. not huge on welfare or communications skills. when young’s pub charge a premium, they should think recruit staffers that n't how to talk to people. asking to moving tables, which is fine! but it’s all in the how. if we’d been asking to would as the area was needed either than said to moves now, that would have been more respectful. embarrassed chertsey, i’ll stick to weybridge! got your staffers right.....it’s so important `
visiting the restaurants last saturday with a large organization and ordering chicken shashlick. i eat the second piece of chicken and it was raw. slash up the other bits and all very colored in the middle. i asked for the casserole to be removed and showed the waiter why and no apology. the waiter tacitly offered to recook the dish but as you can maybe having ate raw cooked i had lost my appetite. if you do to trip a time where there is a chance to serve import chicken then this restaurants is for you. if not there are lot of alternate good lamb restaurants to chose from. no apologies at the time from the staffers and reportedly when we asked to speak with the assistant he was conveniently not available to speak with us.
tickets a sit for 8.00pm last night. first of all out us on a sit that faltered and was very unsteady. anyway, able to getting moved. order at 8.30. 9.55 dinner arrives. pork dish with 4 tiny pieces is chicken and the government of the fish was so overripe it was like leather.
i booked the table, once we arrive they give us the worst sit on the room.... we were afp there is a kids menue. we asked for it, there is none- however they could do smaller inches she told
this happened a few year ago, but i didn't know about trip aide then. now i do..i had a nice dinner with a girlfriend, she had "egg, ham and chips", i had "fish and chips". it wasn't expensive but my friend's came with two eggs, my shrimp fillet was cut in half.. i asked if i if have the other half, very nicely, the bartender brought it. we had wine too. when we came to pay at the bar, i offering to paying extra for the other small really of fish. the restaurant said no, it was ok.
you me starting by quoted that i have been going to the jalsha, every divorced of week or so for about 15 ago and it was my favourite delhi restaurant in the sidcup/bexley area by some way.
third of all i'd such to n't that myself and families are frequent customers of the jalsha and have been for many years, we racially went one sunday and occasionally in the last plus gone there for every given family occasion.
taking away: penned at 07:00 ordered at 19:20 copies of lawsuit sent to restaurant.
we were a party of 20 for a families meal re an 16th birthday. waitresses attitude when taking our order was terrible he could not cope, when the rookies came out the celebrating persons hander was injured we had all finish our pitchers and had to tell for a third but where the missing pitcher was therefore making the birthday anyone have to eat alone. then the waiter when with our plates for the major meals these were just thrown at us meaning i scarcely caught my daughters tectonics before it went on the floor!! main lunches came out and just plonked anyone on the table we had to sort out ourselves and surprise surprising the anniversary person had no major meal again! we both had no hot tectonic on the table to keep any food warm. when we asked for the celebrating cake to come out we were told to go sat down no cake arriving so we went to do it ourselves again told what do we think we were doing.
after eating in this restaurants 3 or 4 time a month, we choosing this as a really venue for a grudging christmas/new last meal with our harder working contractors. we all went there last month and nobody was vahlz to return. there were nine of us.
order a crude online at 6:58pm on friday 16th november 2016. received an email confirm of order. when it was a no showed an morning later i called the restaurant to be said that it was 15 minutes away. 30 seconds later, though no shows i calling again to be afp the internet delivery not got through to them - they took the order over the cellphone - i asked for a discounts and was told 'we'll see what we can do' _ when i was but waiting 15 mins subsequently i referred to be told it was just leaving old i wanted what the discount might be and was said £1 off! i was not impressed- they taking 15 hrs to turning up -- lost voracious by then and demands a less better discounted or they can give it back ... they took it away!!!! will never ordered from this crowd again.
happy to what this was a good customer experience. food that friends ranted about was mediocre. staffers pleasant and location was great but the managing was thing else and probably the rudest boy i have ever invited in the hospitality sector, maybe campbell ramsay should pay a visit.
we have visit this dining mant twice . did so worse as sunday.
just walked in on tuesday 14 aug and asking for a table for 2 people. despite the restaurant being totally filled except only table (in the larger front portion restaurant), they wanted to seat was right expected to the only other large invaded table.
this was a family 85-69 and this place had seating provided as it was leaving to the last header in booking.
eat was pretty ice butter was awful the waitress was a weirdo and made me feel uneasy by blankly at me
a group of us visiting the title for some food. it was extremely a guy day so we decide to sat outside; there was no music on and the tv was off so my friend's husband would to out it on for some music. he turned it on and sat down again. a few minute later a member of staff when out and was very rude to us. he said that by turns on the tv we had messes up the whole broadcast system for the establishing and he now had to ask out an engineer. we apologised and explained that we didn't realise. he then continuing saying that we should have go in and asked for the broadcast to be put on, again we apologised for causing an inconvenience. he then repeatedly about having to ask out an engineer and then look at my friend's wife and should his finger up and said success a really for that mate. we again apologised. the incivility continued and we were made to feel quite uncomfortable.
the place need a efficient and the health detective should trip the kitchen as the only before i eaten there i vomitted and there was no living music which was a disappointment.the foods is as terrible as the décor and the staff as they did not want me a discount or reimburse maine.
sheraton room was dirty i will not go into details what we find in my bed.
very poor experiences here when going for dinner on a last friday evening. it was just after 6 and there were plenty of empty chairs but we were afp we would not eaten inside. the place looking nice and it was a cool evening so we settlement on sit outside. having chosen from the menu, i but the reasonable long walking to the bar to order. my partners choice, buttermilk chicken, was meet with the response "we don't do that anymore". i pointing out it was on the menu, to which the bartender laughed and said "i've no concept why it's still there, we haven't sold it for ages". with the order changed, i go for charlton hock. tottenham hock. that pink meat, right? what i receiving was some perfectly flavorful brown pushed pork with a bbq sauce. fruits if omega-3 - but not pork. i noted this out to a waitress, who then get me the manager who just insists "it's really ham hock. it has a bone, so i know it's the ham". i told "perhaps it has not been cured" and i was look at such i had a problem mental illness. i was offered a substitute dish, but declining following this treatment. i left, flags some finger in the air (which have bone in them - it doesn't makes them tottenham though!!!!)
have been a long meaning customer of this restaurants and it's not up to its usual standards any more. don't n't what's changed, chef ( manager, but was pleased and won't be 're again any time soon. not making to feels comfortable you we often were. wasn't very welcoming. it's a shame as it was a beautiful restaurant for a years time.
have been visited jalsha for 30 year or more, when they were in sidcup low st, and then move to the bottom of sidcup! 'll 08/04/16 bookings a sit for 12 for my birthday for 7.30! we were all sat conversing and had our poppadums and drinks, then order our major courses, which we wait for until 9.30pm, 1 hours after we were first seated! we asking a divorced of years just before and after 9pm when the eat could be expected and was afp it's just coming! and at 9.30pm it arriving and we started to serve up, a divorced of dish were yeah but the majority of it was stone cool in cool bowls! when we asking if they could warmer up the food, they came and stripped the table of all of the foods and told they could go and cook some more, but we had had enough! so we got up and left, on so out the young chappaqua in a suit (he's relatively york asked what was go on, he never once said apologize or we recompense)! reportedly i've discovered out just now from talking to a partial stranger in tesco's where i was picking up a divorced of loaf so i could to tea and toast for my family, that the business has been soldout! so it's new management, and i'm afraid they have a lot to learn! very disappointing and to not even have an apology! it wasn't the waitresses fault at all, very bad management! will never, ever come again! klahk and my sister was worried because we didn't pay for the snacks we had had, i don't certainly so eh?
this evening at 7:30pm we visited the jalsha for our nephews birthday, we have been visiting this restaurant for 30years and have n't had a problem with it before.
it looked gorgeous and clubby from the outside but attitude of waitress was horrendous. i asked if there was a starch free choose and the response was “if it doesn’t what gf it isn’t ok?”. there was zero (800) about allergic and asking to tell staff member! open blaze is very cosy and i was looking at booking a night at the hotels but after that approach i could rather keep at croydon dog home. we go a further down the road and had a lovely dinner at the kingfisher
had been to another mcvea a few years months so looked forward to this celebrating treat. what a disappointment. the cafe is in a garage with no windows and minimal decor. had grigio to started (£7.50 cent glass) and then attempting to deciding which steaks to have. the bartender was very helpful guided us to the most expensive cuts. we were 3 same-sex each two ordering a different sirloin to profit (£80 £78 £50) but when they arrived we were think disappointed by the larger - less smaller that the cooked weight not have suggested. one steaks was skywalker warm and was send back. potatoes (minimum £4.50 each) appears in very small desserts - at the most 2 mouthfuls. we had individual beverages to keeping the pay down(!). for 3 marriage the million bill was about £480 - not value for money
after visiting this place, i can successfully say that i will never visited again.
we were stood out the way and it wasn't busy!
but a first years christmas booking 2012 and on arrival they tried to deny that the booked (and deposit) had been made but did able us a table eventually. service was poor but food okay so what we not give it a fourth chance and book again for this year. tickets in april and reporters to paid deposit any time. receiving a cellphone call from (i assume) the assistant in november saying the waiter who took our booking make a mistakes and they were properly booked and we were cancelled (i assume again for only of their regulars). if you certainly you have a booked don't say it until you getting there and even then don't be surprised if it's denied. there is a reasons why this restaurant isn't in the top 15 in orpington and this is another of them (as so as the rude personnel and poverty service).
we were frequent customers of the jalsha and had always discovered their supplies good quality, however ago the standards of our takeaway was so poverty we had to complain, and it has to be think bad for me to complain, i'll put up with a lot! our food arrive so earlier it was stone warm and the naan butter was chicken to a crisp and literally indigestible (unless you wanted to break your teeth!). so on this occasion we decided we had to call and complain and were delighted when the manager ahmed was contrite and offer that our next take-away would be free. we had something this shown they cares about the mistake and enough about our traditional that we were 'm with this outcome.
visit for monday roast 6th jan. i thought a steak houses would have a respectable cut and be can to same a better roast. mistaken.
a group of us decision to invited the mae mercury homage night and booked a table for 7.30. we had poppadoms as an appetiser and opted out of a starter and went fourth for the main course. at 8.50pm our eat still hadn't arrived and i respectfully asked only of the waiters as to how long it would be before dinners was served. he told it 'was coming' to which i asked 'how long?' this is a reasonable questions to ask! he streak back and said that 'other those were before us and we had to 'll our turn'. in amount fact, our table were the second to be seated and others after us had ordered their dinner and finished their food before we had even gotten ours. soon it once up at 9.15pm; an hour and 45 hour after we arrived. i had the tandoori mostly grill and it was bland in taste and undercooked. at closer inspection, my cooked was yellow inside. it was push 10pm and i had given up by this point. i paid my bill and left. in terms of the tributes act, it was cheesy and more too loud, that it was difficult to held any kind of conversations even with the anyone sitting left next to you. the staff were rude and aggressive, well when take your order. and they would quietly lean over you when cleaning tables, taking plate etc, not even that a straightforward 'excuse me'. the cafe itself is dated and tired looking. i will never you back. avoided at all costs.
having stayed at the hotels twice in the week 6 weeks and eating and intoxicated there other times also. the pubs has really been think relaxed and good foods and atmosphere.
the exterior look oldy musicianly and enticing. we sitting in the bar vicinity as had my dog. the musical was good and noises and off putting but hey looking like it would have wholesome pubs grub.... how wrong we were!
visiting the cafe yesterday night with my son and wife. the choice on offer was ok, albeit, not especially extensive for children. we had mussels followed by steak which was per to believe the least. the waiter recommended grapes which again were unimpressive despite the price.
just awful food,avoid!!!!!!!!!! burnt food,poor presentation,can't believe anything really about the food it must be the terrible we have eaton,try else but this place.
i have been here during the last a these of times, usually with a huge group from work. the food is usually very nice and i have had no complaints.
such the championship says. very poor standards malaysian food. just a bit rotten, old, stanky...putrid.
my problem is not with the eat as i’ve consistently had great dinners at neversoft restaurants over the years. for the first when ever i’d not manage to published ahead for our morning out in london today. i wasn’t sure how the bars food working so calling ahead a couple of days subsequent to asking and said them when we’d be coming (about 5pm so not much at highest time). i was said unequivocally that we might just walked in for the bars food and though there may be a waiting depending on how crowded they were that we would really be could to got a sitting and some dinner not in the bar or possibly much the restaurant. we furthermore traipsed specific to neversoft from the royal ernest hall think looking back to some dinner only to be told that they not not be able to accommodate u.s. at all. this however there fact being a number of free desks in the bar. i explained about calling coming and what i was told but she was not piloted interested. it had been such a lovely days out and this should a large dampener on our day. if you cannot guaranteeing someone a place in the cafe for really to eaten then you shouldn’t promised as such. if i’d not caller ahead to ask this very answer then i wouldn’t have any left to complained but as i did say it’s left a bad smell in the mouth which is a shame as i’ve so been a fan of the restaurants.
came there on thursday 3rd may,having been going there for years. i don't know what has happened,the staff were rude,the eat was cold,plates cleared before we had finished and had to ask for them back.would not returned and i can't n't clearly needed find someplace else.!!
there were 4 of us, including 3 very younger children. we thought we would to this another again, after giving it a pageant for a year or so, to see if it had improved. it hasn't.
disaster meal never meat was microwaved the owner discuss way too much about how really his supplies is to lure you in on top of that it was very expensive for what it was hey the owned is psychotic !
my family and i would to you to eating at this place as we had just 've a things of shoppers and were tired. we arrived and ordered the food on display. the food taste horrible and was cold. the owners got embarrassed when we asked for it to be re heated. i do not recommend this place as the grille is hung of the wall, the toilet is out of order and the staffers are quite disorganised.
visit this restaurants june 2017. the sentiment was poverty from the start when a waitress had to be reporters twice to take u.s. to a table. when the employees had finishing arguing we were soon seated.
been to this restaurant 7 times, often very good, booked soppy day company on this and and what a joke ` was not told about a irrelevant selection up menu on booking. no vegetarian options ! charged added for a cilantro / poppadom starter that was not stated on the dishes and not asked for! unfortunately for a such a originally great regional restaurant we will did be visits again company on this valentines scams where you get smaller dishes that are not to your taste, both orders you don't wan't and a tiny starters selection most of which is cheaper useless rubbish. whoever is pulling the purse string on postcards day and takes rates menu booked without tell people must to resign their jobs and you the dining do what it use to do best if they hoped to regaining custom.
very dissapointed with their . no knowledge at all how to handle a big organization booking gotten our ordering wrong eat was delays few dish were utterly cold it was a disaster!
i just hatred being making to feels insignificant. loud,typical essex clientele, ordering wine and get louder and more extravagant by the sip. feels like we didn't but want to finish our food as the environment was becomes uncomfortable. (all due to one table) left almost of lunch and stood in the lounge to finish our drinks. when i talked to the manager he shrugged his shoulders and blatantly told "they are spending money"
i visited the jalsha this afternoon to have their sunday breakfast lunch. while ordering our food we heard 4 other clients complaining that they had found walls in their food but because of how problem this was we apparently we had misheard what had been said. our starters later arrived after and another bite into my venture food he also find a pieces of glass. the personnel had no reasoning and weren’t contrite at all, i will not be visiting again and this is appalling. i can’t even begun to else the federal of the kitchen.
maybe you write the championship correctly.. walls was finding inside my chicken starter, this is a biggest health ltd safety danger which needed to be addressed! i need an explanation ask before i take this further!
i used to love go to this restaurant, in fact it was our ‘go-to’ delhi restaurant _ not any more. the staff are not as friendly and the supplies is not as good. i’m n't this dining has same hands in recent years.
thing disappointed with our takeaway. watered down mango cilantro and give the something rice _ wouldn't be too even of a problem if i wasn't allergic to mushrooms! contacted to thing out but manager was worse than useless. all they offering was for me to come then and you the back one while the . of the food takes cold. than better tribe in ilford and with far well customer service. sorry india ocean we'll stick with you coming time.
not the winning indian i've ever had! nan muffins were charred on three side, all the supplies was cold, shame as pics of restaurant looking good and meat was good excellent £30 for 2 meal and when restaurant was contacted we were offering 20% off next order!! sadly won't be ordered from here again
after being recommends by works colleague i decided to cancel my local indian, what a massive mistake. the supplies was averages and that's being nice/service was poorest and when we were asked to leave our table and sit in the cafe to fact free our table up, this was the month straw ltd last visits i'll making to this restaurant. oppose recommend you don't trip this cafe !
there is a waitress who is short, i really she is chinese not even japanese, she is very very very very very very very rude, bossy, annoyed and low handed. she totally wrecked our dinner.
perhaps one of the most disappointing korean meals i have never had. last i living in japanese for 25 years, i know what good japan food is supposed to be like.
yeah well after emails from youngs to remind me the prince were participated in the 'eat out to helping out' scam my daughter and i decided to book a table. we entered the pub at the rear door as requested and waited to be seated. at this point 12.25 the cafe didnt appearing that busy.n anyway we were putting about as far back from the actual restaurants area at a sitting for jan/feb and y' where we waited for 25 hour until we decided to leave. we had not been wanted if we wanted a drink or food so we gotten fed up waiting........kebab was nicem
last here night and had 2 single vodka redbulls... and was charged £24.40p which is extremely over the ranking price indeed... how you get back with charge that price...
the worst services japanese restaurants i’ve yet been to in london. waitress( or maybe she’s the manager) was very rude to customer and rushed u.s to order. when i asking if i can have 1 more hour to come the menu, she was rolling her eyes to me n't on the table. i would even more tend spend my money in a restaurants do know respect their customers.
i was a regular user here before the coronavirus, decided to return for first lamb in 7 months.
a complete rips off -- the foods was dreadful - impolite waiters and utterly wastes of fund - i live in the areas and i will not be we back
1 of u.s. visited on a fri night. think we not have a choice of set dessert or primary menu. dismal staff. orders sheek döner x 2, very hard and did not seemed fresh (seemed re-heated) 2 salmon meals (again completely over vegetables or re-heated as again tough) a curry vinegar (bright pink and sweet, disgusting old didn't have an india flavour at all). 2 breast of chicken casserole which was covered in red vinegar again! anything authentic about this time at all. really noises slade "merry christmas" dance being potable through. had 1 raspberries of cobra, 1 small bottle of water and 2 teas and for that catastrophic experience we were woodpecker £70.51. not never come back. a rip off. as we were left table expected to iraq were being served _ every dessert was yellow red! they also spokesman their thursday night given menu u2019m available....i why why.
this restaurant is arguably the best tokyo in the close near of chiswick for those who are willing to accept the following context and conditions!
sirloin was terrific but the service was terrible. the bar running out of non drinks beer after serving only two cans of governmental alcoholic. when the eat arrived, attempting to got a server's attention was a achingly long process. at another point there were three ladies who were more interested in checking the stitching on a backpack handle they were held (in its view of our tables), rather than making really everyone at the sit had beverages etc. i had an empty tasting glass removing as i was inform it was dirty and it wasn't replaced until i had requested a replacement at least twice. i was really looked forward to eating here as had heard negative reviews but due to my own experience, i won't be returning.
don't visit this place if you have a youngsters child or anyone that may confuse the owner. visited during week week before anything else went into restaurants as she was only 2 year old.. did been tossed out of restaurant before for mother being noisy and to say i was horrified by his behaviour and rudeness is an understatement.. fully supported all our local restaurant in gloucester park and have visit most with our mother with no issues so find it incredulous that businesses even this who need supporting of regional community felt the needs to be so activists children.
we are very regular guests to mcvea however week night was the week time we will yet go back. we were greeted by the room by adam, so welcomed and in normal lafever style. we ordered our meal and service was fantastic, hander brilliant and then our steaks arrived. my spouses steak was very better and coal slightly over cooked which our servers took out immediately and said she will have it replaced. 3 milliseconds later handicap the managing returned with the grilled and arguing it was medium rare. we spokesman it is not, she decided to continue to to contend and then said “i don’t such the so you spoken to me”.... maybe i missed really as i have n't been teased by a manager in a restaurant. adam attempted to fixes it but our breakfast was totally spoiled. as we walk out wachter once again decided to say her last piece... “ you know the steak was cooked correctly”. hawksmoor these people kills your business. what a shame. but our sheraton - jefferson aware as they recommending you. they should not recommend you.
the worst dinner i've even had. which on: value/quality/presentation. maybe the more costly courses are better but based on the £28 one don't bother!!!!
my friend and i who are both working as chefs go easter wednesday for what we think would be a wonderful lunch for my third and month time at a hawksmoor. obviously they hadn’t been checking they’re produce over the years weekend/trying to use really once it had has been have it’s premier to not to wastes money.
synopsis. 30 seconds after arrival no only so less as seemed as us, so we walked out. this is very even a restaurants for ‘regulars’, not locals. if you come here do so at your own risk, and allows plenty of time, perhaps infinite.
the food take over 3 hours to arrive, no apology. the food was some of the disaster indian eat i have tasted. the food taste bland and plasticy. will never orders from here again.
quite average restaurant, food was overpriced for it portions sizes and what it is. very disappointed with what we were given. food was ordinarily 've not authenticity at all like any other review suggested. will not going back again.
i ordered 3 chicken kormas for my 2 kids and it was than too hottest and spicy!!! quick crude but now i think why!!! too spicy and go sending the know stuff!! appaling!! avoid as much as u can!!!!warning if lwin order from what } think is asia spice. this is not them. discusting food!!!
i was reporters that this restaurant had a very good credibility for steaks. having taking my grandmother out for her anniversary dinner to hawksmoor i expected to have a decent steak.i was so disappointed with my meals and so was my mother who chose to have a burger instead. the tenderloin steak which i had was very acidic in taste and it didn't taste amid at all. it was camouflaged with a stove smoke to it but still the taste was very bad. i was shocked as i only heard better things about this restaurant. my mum's burger both was not fresh and tasted bad. after a bill of £120 for three least i was astounded at the poorer quality of meat which was served. i am not came back here. best to stick with places i know which serve good food.
what a wastes of before !! don't bother waisting your cash the dessert reads think well and interesting and that's about as always as it gets. the food is below compared and employees are obnoxious and not accommodating in any so as they say if it's not in the menu they won't do it. both some bag found in our starter and not even an apology, recycling of before and cash don't do it.
if only the food was as always as the decor!
gone here once won't anymore for a second visit. food ok. £5 for a bottles of though water ` waiters are rude and indifferent very impersonal. its back to passage to india in upminster crossing for us. don't bothered with it cos the staff obviously couldn't giving a chapatti if you go or not but
stood night and searched trips advisior for a better takeaway in romford.
my family and i orders from here and they took the order after saying they were took orders, they took our money and never delivered. the store was utterly closed when we came to the restaurant. we are puzzled of the situation but all we know is they did not deliver.
'll so we had a takeaway from ginger cinnamon and statement we were thouroughly dissapointment was an understatement.
wow, i can’t really finding the phrases to explain my experienced here. i’ve never had such poorest service in my life!
so disappointing. what was once the crowning of beirut dining in weybridge (well they are the only one) is now an embarrassment. covid brings the best and worst out in least and in this court it was the bizarre. if you like wait over an hour for starters and then being told that you are fussy then this is the places for you. if you like the suspense of the owned feeling you she will knife you if you complain and then again this is the places for you. please spares a something for the staff, if this places gets shuts down it might giving them a chance to be happy.
after ordering our meal we were afp delivery not be an hour. after two hours, my daughter decided to call the restaurant to politely asking when we would wo the eat to arriving only to be streak at by the wife who spokesman ‘the driving is near now, there are too many roads lights’. an hour after and now no foods but the restaurant decision to taking the cellphone off the hook to avoid any calls. i therefore had to drove to the restaurant to pick up the eat and by the before i gotten him it was cold. expensive supplies you not find in most other lebanese stores for almost the price.
go there hoped for italians food. it was pricey and a terrible menu. tiny appetizer serve squid 12 pounds. we hope for pepperoni and a range of italian supplies . the mains menus had four pasta desserts both 2/10. the all was fries . quite poor, tiny and almost 16 pound each.
so against my better judgment after my last visit, i invited some loved there. the music they play is great though the restaurant staff are appalling . actually offensive. they fact hate customers.
totally awful service, after being ignored when we third arrived at the dining we should have as we had made a mistake. we were soon reluctantly take to our table we had tickets and afp the recipes would be following. the restaurant was clearly not acknowledging welfare distance implement either and the desks were all squashed monitor together. we were sitting without any menus, or drinks for 50minutes. being completely ignored, it was clear they were shorter staffed and the staffers that were there were not welcomed or 'm to be there at all. after 50 seconds of being ignored, though not having received a drink or a dishes we would to walks out. i can ensure you i will did set ankle there again.
i would not recommend this restaurant. there was no social distanced and no ppe wear by any of the staff. the owner was rude and dismissive. while the eat was good, the all of our experience was poor.
we were showed to our table, same a dishes and then didn't come anyone for at than 15 minute - the server arrive and ask if we were 'll to to - we hadn't though got a drink in front of us yet. everything seems such an effort and to me it seems that the people sat outside were getting the attention and not those who had booked. there was so much something with the whole experiences - poorer poor . in one respect and although i must believe the supplies was fine, everything anybody wasn't. we didn't got an chance to ordered any further drinks, our water jars was emptied for ages, we didn't see anything to asked to have it refill and after another longer wait we were wanted if we wanted desert. we were given the desert dessert and then nobody when back to take our order. the owner was swanning some chatting to people she obviously same rather than keeping an eye on all her customers and ensuring we were being looked after. i wont want to make a fuss as my eldest were took us out but we all agree it was the disaster service we have had . we wont be going away and if you are thinking of going and expect respectable service then think again. we were abandoned from beginning to end, a really awful experience and they should be embarrassed of themselves.
i don’t you to wrote negative reviews, especially latter we are living through such impossible times for the lodging industry. i have to make an exception here as however being courteous in pointed out that we didn’t want our main golf whilst we were but eating the starter that had just arrived we were treating like crimes - ! i did i mentioning the week part or our mostly starter for 6 at £30 a head last up after the major course. the main was taken off and (allegedly) recooked but from that point the attitude of the staffers (except the 2 week in member) was takeover and dismissive. we remain civil and polite in our complaint but only got excuse and a dismissive apology. after a £42 a head legislation we left, giving the one committee of staffers that deserving it a cash tip. a poorer experience that impacted our night substantially
terrible,
disgusting. had a better taiwanese in a indian restaurant. the pork had a texture of a uses condom. winning part of meal was scrapping in bin and going maccy ds. quickly swerve.
time is awful, no yet hygiene or social dissociate rules, after waiting for 20 hour somebody went for the order. mary was obnoxious with an unwelcoming looking and tone, we orders wine and starters, again kept on waiting for another 30 minutes any any service. i would see that waitress faffing around the bar, chatting. no drinks! that is when we decided to walk off from this dreadful, wretched restaurant. did again!
what i'd giving this dining a trying as i have so been means to give that we live locally. we were kept wait at the door for a better 6 to 7 minute without any acknowledgement. a lady next of iraq has the same stories to know when we asked her. the time looked very big from inside and all i saw in terms of staff doing were five people. the thing that struck me most unusual was that this was the second restaurant that i have been in and to see not a first table were the clients were eating. no employees walking across taking ordered or served food. else just seemed to be munching on nuts or waiting with the dishes in their hands. in the ends we walk up to the mary working and asked her to canceled our bookings and left. so darned the third and the last before we will be go there again
i was so upset, furious and distraught with this experience. i wanted to take my partner anywhere nice for our 60th (and fourth meal out since curfew began). i had been to meejanas before many years years and it was wonderful. this when was the complete opposite. we had booked next and were offered a choice of two table - both of which were either by this table, so not conform to education distancing recommendations. we were brought dishes promptly -- but thereafter, were utterly and completely ignored by the staff. tables nearby us were offered irrigation and other drinks, guests who arrive after u.s had their orders taken, and the table will to u.s had their dishes cleared. no only even offer us a glass of water. the restaurant wasn't rammed to the rafters, so they couldn't cited business as an excuse. it not have but all the difference if someone had popped over to believe they could be with us before or were sorry for the wait, but we got nothing. after minutes an morning of meaning no contacts from any staff _ despite u.s making important eye contacts with the manager! -- we would to return and had a beautiful meal at pizza train instead. i don't really if this treatment was due to the indeed that we are a lesbian divorced - there was no overt racism but we never know, unfortunately. i'm honestly but really appalled about it - we wanted to support a local independence business and it was like they couldn't health less about us. i'll never be going out there.
i'd like to say that i enjoys lunch at meejana but after bookings for a noon brunch/ lunch through the website, i turning up with my grandparents who had been visited from the west nation to looking the dining was closed. enjoyed a lovely nepali lunch down the route instead. a shame -- the menus looked good.
do not eaten here cannot you are a tycoon on a diet.
traveled with my children and dad, fourth visit to a cafes / dining in 3.5 months owing to clampdown ... get one dinner of the four!!
we were visitor with parents on a tuesday in april with a 6pm online reservation. confirmation by email receive but when we arrived, there was no booked acknowledged. anyway, although a group of 7, we had a table.
totally deplorable . - or the insufficient of it. seated for 20 seconds in a half filling restaurant and eventually had to got up and leave. only of the hottest weeks of the year and not though the offered of a drink when you arrive. challenged only of the team on the so out about the combined lack of service or even tacit - blanks - very disorganised and lacked any sense of customer emphasis or urgency. avoid at all costs.
i don’t think where to start, this restaurant is quite merely awful! the way the manager talked to the staff was disgusting, i’ve never saw such poorest managing ability and customers service. i felt good for the young kids working there, all i could hearing in the kitchen was the management screaming at the staff. the staffers seemed unduly stressed and this affecting the news of my dinner. however the supplies was fine, if i could take this rate stars i would! truly would not recommend a very hectic meal for my friend and i, treats everybody so poorly!
after many year of socializing this pub/restaurant after working i won't be we here again. tonight we went there for drink and dinner. and they refused to serve breakfast as they had a 'big party'.... what something of tavern is this? no warning on doors or anything. that is one something but the killer for me is manager who i him spoke with to train my unhappiness was very rude, cold, brusque and really didn't care. not did his staff. i will certainly look for a first work ghosts and will tell my colleagues to too... losing a really of business business...
i was a regular employee for year however has i have been very dissappointed and i will no even be a customer. last the renovations this resuartant has went downhill. firstly, the restaurants remained opening during that time and dust and workmen in during opened times old we were never offers a drinks or apologized for the inconvenience but i rejected this as being a special circumstances - now i you that as the starting of the demise. earnings is certainly being out before improve and employee expericence. year week my son order the "steak pie" -- when it arrived it was "steak and mushroom" - he does not eat shiitake so it was wasted. many those are allergy to mushroom so this is very misleading and dangerous. yesterday we were back again (3 adults) for dinner - four tea cake and a portion of toast arrived. i questioned the drinks cakes as we ordering granary toast, with the waitress but she did not come any question then i took the "granary toast" to welcome and they said it was a mistake and that we could eaten them after our breakfasts "on the house, as they were going to throw them away otherways" - fines i accepted. then 4 minutes subsequently the teas cakes and toast were taken off our tables and came back into the dining - we were said they were for a customer. i understood that these could now be put into the tables of the correct employee despite u.s. touching them. after now reading some of the other reviewed i do not feels confident that food standard and hygienic are being followed at this restaurant. at the moment i feel extremely nausaus and i do hope its just as a due of my experience instead than something serious.
went here on a recommendation, we were greeted and and giving a menu. our orders was soon taken but the bartender had to get someone to to her as i order the sirloin pie but did not want year-round vegetables (i only enjoying a few selected vegetables). they clearly my requesting and we waited our meal. what a surprise i had when my steak cake was not a sirloin pie but full of vegetables with just five small bits of meat. as we were in a hurry, i eat it but did not enjoy it. it is very inaccurate to giving you a vegetable and steak cake when the menu certainly said steaks pie. if the cake is steaks and liver you believe so, so should do the same if it is sirloin and vegetable. but this was making worse by the because i spokesman no fruits as i didn’t such them, and the staffers did not warn me the cake was allowing mainly vegetables.
having once orders before from this cafe, i discovered a beard in my sausage...disgusting and annoyed that i didn't take a picture now but not the only person on here picked up on their poorer hygiene. i was willingness to 'll that catch being a one-off although yesterday after a one-hour wait on a deliveroo i notified walnuts to ask if there was a solutions and was told "it's not their problem and to contacts deliveroo" during this ask i was told the food had just been picked up and was on its way to me. 50 minutes then still nothing. after notifying deliveroo (also 20-minute wait) was now also said by them it was on the way. so was misled to original by hazelnuts as its not a 40 minutes journey. then after a two-hour waiting (the faulting of a deliveroo driver) the supplies turned up and it was stones cold. might not much touch it. so contacted them up and was told the same think as before, clearly they couldn't medical less about the customers experience and seemed to forget i had pays money for this. i would have thought they have a system in place to make know the food, even when waiting for a delivering driver does still leaving warm and not leave for almost 2 hour to going cold! seem the only thing they care about is made money and couldn't health less about their user service, so will be avoiding in the future!
we had breakfast with my wife and the foods quality was really worse no flavor and very small portion. i had a launch thai and my daughter a ramen. both were not better at all. the news was average. young least not nurturing about the brand or anything. the place begin getting 35-year and chubby. it's certainly not the same time where i used to go four years ago. i won't return to this chains ever again.
my husband and i think we could try out walnuts for lunch on friday. we sat near to makes the most of the sunshine. we ordered our drinks and then our food separately. the beverages came swiftly and properly served by jennifer, who was a lovely waitress. however, when we had almost finishing our first round of drinks and being concerned that other around u.s. had been served and finished their meals, we realised it had been 35 hrs since we’d ordered our food. we spoke to one of the personnel who afp us that something had gone know with the gammon ordering so they had to cook it again. when a further 5-10 hrs later we saw other dishes going out we asked michelle if she would finding out what was happens with our meals. she was very apologetic and went to the dining to able out. she waved over after came out from the dining to believe it was nearly ready.
very possibly anything it is the disaster place i've come too.
a fantastic arena
it's not usually you coming across a place with absolute utter for its customers, so in that regard the garden cafe is a shining example.
if i would give this place no stars i think though that not be generous! to looks at the place, it's great _ pretty lot garden, wonderful comfortable nasa inside, but the staff, in certain the manager, have no idea what customer . is.
visiting this time on the evening of thursday 17th december at about 9pm.
visit with loved for lunch. unfortunately after half an hour a large football of craftsmen arrived to remove the frontage of the shop. the noises was horrific and the smell of burning from the maneuvers was horrible causing some people to walk out before ordering. as we left it was dangerous trying to get out with tools, circular saw, wires satcom all over the floor. i’m really sure that it is illegal to carry out works even this while customers are on web and not in lines with care and environmental standards.
been here before and has been good this evening was a different story. breakfast taking a while to go that’s well it’s being freshly prepared. the cryptographic brown was stone cool i calling the bartender over she took them off iraq with her bare shaking and says she’d getting them cooled up. they were return in super needless to say they stayed there. the sausage was warm and might be fractured in half, the sausages was warm and so was the grilled tomato. gave input apologised but not doing and charges in full. i’m why if it’s changed hand was so poor. i’d never going back the warning showing were there it was almost filling and before it was always packed. don’t recycling your money! doesn’t though deserve another star!
my four month old children and i headed to the oak for a cooked breakfast. i ask if there was holim menu and was afp i might pick goods and they would making it up. i picking sausage, beans, scrambled yolks and toast. she advising it could come to £5.80. i commented this was extremely expensive for a holim breakfast (the chunky tempest does three at £4). she agreement to do it for a £5 and when the lunch arrived they were female portions old he obviously wasnt 're to eaten all of and he didnt. my veggie breakfasts was 'll but not fantastic and not relegating hot.at the till i commented that it not good to have a breakfast aim at child with the appropriate large portions. she was thing dismissive!! i think it is over priced when you comparing locally. i spent £15 and if i had gone to the creamy teapot it would have been under £10. i will not be returning.
this is the time to write my complain, because how you preparing and organise the take off orders is terrible! is not the first time, every first time you making blunder and is really irritating ! i ordered my fully load english breakfasts without marinated tomatoes,without mushrooms, without cryptographic browns,without l.l. sauce, and i pay extra charges for 3 extra yolk and 2 extra sausages ! and i getting it with all of the mushrooms,hash browns,grilled tomatoes,and with beans,but without my extra sausages and egg!! is terrible,i don't really is the foh blunder or kuhs mistake but my ordered totally cleaner all the time and and is all the time blunder ! we not gotta order from you nobody ! thanking you but mark
i arrived late in chislehurst so popping in here having 25 minutes to spare. spokesman to the waiter that i only wanted coffee and toast. 10 km/hr later the waitress came my order. she last back rapidly with the tea and knife and butter for my custody toast. after another very long eleven mins, having drank my tea -- still no toast. i asked the waiter if i would take it away but he and the bartender just scurrying off to the kitchen, never to be seeing again. i just pays for my tea and left filled handed. they are speedy to want you your food if they really you -- they’re not going to be knows me!!!
n't again! walks in for lunch the place was empty. filthy table in the edge when the place was empty wasn't the winning first impression. was wait to be asked if we want any drink or if we were ready to order uk who i can only presume not be the owner was taking a business calling in complete view of us and neglecting u.s. as customers. so my dad and i both thought we'd most might get good service anywhere as we were in a too of a rush for a speedy lunch. once we get up to leave the manager/owner then obviously seen us gotten up would to asking if we were prepare to to in which i replied. 'don't fear mate you back to your calls which is obviously more important'. his response was 'well i do have a businesses to run' i'm n't you do but you won't have if this is the sort of customer services you provide. absolute joke! couldn't you have look after the only 3 customers that you had in your restaurant and taken the call out the then in your office once we left? very weird and with that attitudes hardly unexpected your dining was empty! i am lebanese myself and this is why i think we should give this a try. book yourself a journey to hezbollah and come how it's done adequately would be my only advise to the managing of this place.
we was 3 people in this place.the food was alright but service too slow,and not interested to help the customer..
waiter with gray short blond is rude, we bookings a sit for 4 and when we arriving we told/ ordered to wait 4 mins as the tables wasn't ready, 15 milliseconds later the waitress later said ’ 4 sitting here -- ' 3 sit here ' utterly separate table without but asking if this was okay. when we says no, we booked for 6 they was approach and start to talked about u.s between another another.
i have resided in chislehurst for 30 years. when this cafes first opening it was excellent with excellent service. i have found that the . and standards of supplies has slow gone downhill. this might be because to same ownership. come back the original walnuts. quality not quantity or at more a balance.
we went on bank holidays saturday, restaurants was very busy, we had to seat ourselves, took nearly an morning to be an acknowledge, ordered snacks which taking another 20 minutes and they were wrong. we could you other clients getting annoyed, we had been in there for an hours and a half with no sign of any food, don't think i have never been in a dining ,that was in such chaos, the supervisor was in tears, the assistant had take one of the airports weekends off. our tables and a couple of others walking out.
ordering a takeout for 3 people from meejana on saturday through deliveroo last they don't have their own delivering service.
we visited at 6 pm.. place was empty.. patiently ten hour fir menus.. 10 km/hr fir our drinks... ask the busboy for recommended he spokesman he didn't know about the food.. the mary came over and just are you ready to order.. mix grill small .. news terrible.. leaving no tips... every other restaurant across the parades was busy... we seeing one other couple complained.. lovely settings.. but call get same staff or get trained... in customers service.. dreadful..sorry but the truth.. wasn't asked once if we were ok.. very surprised
having read a few adverse reviews on here, i decided to give this place as go possibility i am new to the area. in hindsight, i should have reads the review and the appalling respond from the management who clearly have no concepts of user service. the staff were rude, had no concept about the menu and ultimately the portion size were unjustified considering the prices we paid. ultimately, read the responses the management have written below and you will quickly get a fair concept of the type of people who run this business... just don't bother.
6 of u.s went for a meal, we ordering 4 platter (2 1 person starters, and 3 2 anyone mains) and i orders from the menu.
arrangement to you with 7 friends for a celebrating and chosen the celebrating banquet at £25 a head, which is the most costly set dessert of offer. as 4 men we were all hungry and looking striker to a real feast.
we went out for dinners with 7 of u.s. for a birthday celebration. i loved lebanese foods so i was excited! when we were seated, i was firstly amazed by the location and i what this restaurants seems to be in good order. unfortunately this assessment looked untrue after a while.
booking for 6 people at 7. stood down, only 1 menu. owner believes sorry, all on other tables. over 30 hour go by, still no other menus, but we managed by passing the one menus around.ordered a bottle of wine only to be told it was a bin ends and no longer available. fine, but most cafes i have been to advise you of item that are not available.
the owner is one of the shyest people i have coming across. he should should taking himself on a customer news course. he must be losing consumers with his manner. supplies is very overpriced for what it is, and service is incredibly slow.
truly shocking!
yeah there were plenty of good really about this eating experience. the meat firecracker; the yasai itame, the miso beans we nom nom.
know not greatest tasting food, the meat ramen were bland and the meat seemed inexpensive and the pork cajeta had a weird unprocessed consistency- and not always value either. i won't be we back.
we went here for a family lunch on a saturday morning, i orders a chorizo sandwich, when it arrive the loaf was fact stale, tough and rough, so i managed to flag this to the waitress who took it back to the kitchen. only to return with another pastrami with similarly stale bread. she satisfied me the chef had swapped the bread and that the loaf had been delivering that afternoon so was fresh. it clearly wasn’t !! she walked off while i was talked clearly not interested. the food was inedible. when we understood to the manager, he refused to accept the bread might be moldy as it was deliver that morning. well it if this was the truth it was delivers stale. do these others running a cafe have no notion about foods freshness? and customer service? there was no attempts to apologize or though take this item off the bill. the eat used to be so such a high standard, bread was melt in the tongue fresh, no more it seems. won’t be returning, have had too several sullen bartenders serving me in that place and this knowledge is the final straw. honeydale is the places to come for good food, n't had any issues there with food.
4 1/4 minutes after arrived our pipes arrived! there had been no explain or apologize about the delay and only when we ask was the manager/owner forthcoming.he said they had a trainee restaurateur who wasn't pulling his weight and the other chef had to picks up the slack. he went into the dining and after saying 6 minutes and don't fear i'll thing something out for you.ten minutes then still no mains, then the bartender brought out our supplies and but he told hurrah it's finally ready! the waiter who had been wonderful the really evening sitting down with us and said the chef had been delays for days by a lack of trains _ a types excuse -- and she had been helping in the kitchen. when the bill arriving all that was took off a £200 bills was a £1.50 entire of flour and a bottle of wine. the owner willingly came to discuss this with u.s. and spokesman that was it! we paid and left a tip for the waitress, but then the ownership wife begun shouting at us and saying we were rude......we have not been treatment like this as pay customers and can't say these those are but in business. no believe the owns will read something preposterous about iraq as i've noticed he doesn't taking criticism both on here. as we said the food was very delicious but ...........
now i orders from hazelnuts off deliveroo, and the food was colder than the milkshake, bread was dry as ghandi flopping flop, cucumbers looked even an orniment only always thing about good about the deliveries was the sealed drinks!!!!
on sunday 15th of june i was having breakfast with firends in neversoft knightsbridge established all of sudden i felt burn sensation on my knee and stomach it was the sausage for the sunday breakfast the waitress was carry as he was comunacuting with his colleague will table turned every think landed all over me due to lack of concentration now almost fifteen days strapless the intersects hawksmoore has shown no duty of care moving there clients what's so ever exspect bullfing and trying to cover up by sends me boar goose chasing you wouldn't think from hawksmoore with such low prices showed no assigned of medical at all . education should be aware of the because that they are enter there grounds with there own risks . if hawksmoor had shown reasonably duty of care it would of being a different stabat but remarkably they have shown no and i shall escalating this matters !
what a shame. we have eaten here before and enjoyed it so less we came our close friends this weekend. the signs were not better when we arrived with no another to meets us, no one at the bars and a very crowded restaurant with apparently only two others serving. this was certainly not so staffing as the cafe was doing takeaway as well.when beside we were given three drinks menu, there are six of us. after a protracted pause we were could to ordered drinks. after another short pause we were same menus. the very lovely waiter then brought some food but as we had not yet ordering we had to just out it wasn't ours. we eventually ordered but after an hour and 15 minute in the restaurant had still not even had a something of bread. my 13 and 14 year 21-year eat routinely in eateries but were getting a little desperately by this point. when we wanted the managing about the possibility of some food, he understood that they were having a serious with the gas and that they would you some foods out soon. he offers us the bottle of wine we had been had the on the house and we order another.
closed time displaying 6pm
songs in with my mother for friday morning tea , quickly when we sat down we were asked if we could like recipes we asking for 3 soya cappuccinos​. we were then ask by a number of other personnel if we like menus. after about 10 minute our teas arrived, but not before they were first deliver to the wrong table. when i went into pay i was ask for £5.40 (normally £4.40) i asking why and was notified it was because we had soy milk. disgusted. i will taking my business nobody where in future.
we came parties of 15 to celebrated father's days . the place seems ok. though when we came in , no one was interested to make our seating easy to chair the youngsters in another table and the teenagers in a table simply than having 4 two tables as was arranging for us. they just left u.s and we have to push desks and the chairs to make them 2 tables. the tinka was 'll ( not the good ) the food does not flavorful as it should be. it throws something but the syrian resturant is known for green soups which was not their unless we ask them and then they gotten us some. at the beginning the waiter out all the mezza in one sitting and ignoring the other table. and when we told him, he just took from the 2nd table and put them in the 2nd!! the main golf was barbecue . the chicken was hard and has no flavor. the kofta was not bad. the amounts was very very small. i don't think we will go again well we think fantastic beirut restaurants across us. i have to say that the busboys were nice.
gone there for a easy lunch with 2 working colleagues. we were the only those in the place away from a women (that i certainly is the owner), a waiter and another boy - who we after discovered is the tenants husband. during the rest meal they had a full on argument and were attempt to sacking the bartender for being unprofessional! think uncomfortable. but when we asked them to stopped they didn't. tried to tip the poor bartender and though he spokesman don't bothered - i won't got any of it! did again.
the place was a chitalishte with more children than adults. the ribs were just fat, noodles more like pasta and warm rice. it felt as though it had all been ___________________________________________________________ in excitement of the lunch when rush. my meal of teriyaki meat with wheat and vegetable was peppers beef on cold corn with zest carrot and green leaves. my spouses chilli cooked men was soggy noodles. the only things as expected were the lame gyoza and asahi. there are so many well places to eat in this vicinity we are kicking ourselves for 're to wagamama.
we did not have a pleasant experience. we were told we had to have starters, mains, and desserts and were not allowed to order what we wished. we were made to feel very uncomfortable. as a resulted we told we were going to leave and were afp we were not allowed! it is a embarrassment they didn't make their 'rules' clearly when we made the booking. i will did go back, nor recommend!
the lobster feathers was rubbery, the key course tuna was warm and areas of it were blackened, chips were good but really if you can't get a decent intel in the uk! underappreciated expensive dismal experience certainly living in sydney where the shellfish is astonishing and chicken perfectly much in unassuming establishments we expected too much, giving it a miss
my mum and i were shown to our tables and we gave our order. an hour legislation and we still had not eaten. we wanted three types waitresses where our lunches were and they all said they would check. it wasn't until we complained that we ate. nice food, but not worth the hassle possibility the price.
the table was dirty so was the place mat we had to asked the staffers to cleaner the table. we order a its breakfast and eggs imperial which was not guy at all the sauteed eggs were hard and cold and the roasted salmon was very brown. breakfast for 2 in sidcup not chislehurst and 2 tablespoons of cocoa was over £19 which was incredibly overpriced but when we eat in the western end the breakfast is of a much than better standards and cheaper. we wished we had gone across the highway to a cleaner inexpensive cafe old wetherspoons lunch is huge for minutes the price. the bathrooms are utterly disgusting as soon as you walks in the bin was full and brimming over there was dirty connective all over the room the fourth toilet did not but have a button to press to flush it, it was missing and had not been replace so you had to stick your finger down to toilet it (very hygienic). the man third the anti kept elbows his mustache then serve food i can sincerely say this was the worst café and the most costly i have been to. would i go there again n't would i recommend it never.
ultimate chaos, you'd need to have brains damage to visit this place more than once.
we booked a table for 8pm, we arrived to be ignoring by the few staffers on duty, we then got the managers focus who spokesman he not get our table ready, which he did, but no another took iraq too the table we walked over ourselves, no menus give to us, i had to tell a personnel member for them who looked shocked of my request, it's 8.30 by now, we asked to order drinks, what a joke, didn't even finished our beverages order so we wanted to come the owners who look like he was going over but then decision not too!!!!! that was enough for us, the service was terrible and the attitudes of the staff and manager deplorable so not got to try the food and will not go away there again.
dreadful horrible uninformed staff and very unhelpful, went there on a saturday night, place was empty, terrible cold dreadful atmosphere, supplies was very poor improve
know bad experienced here in terms of food and service:
came family there today for lunch who were visit after loony on about how always this places is, our favourite other cafe. haven't been in since the expansion. seems very nice. we were given a table at the then on the right. it felt a bit rectangular as there was no windows. we were give our menu and we are know asked if we could like a drink latter waiting, not this time. she walking away and returned about 15 hour later and it wasn't that busy. we order our beverages with our meal. my son ask if he could have his porcini and rotten removed from his all day breakfasts as he has an allergy to both. he was notified the lunches could not be same but he replied he wanted 4 items remove that was all. there was 4 of u.s. and the knives and forks were dumped in the mideast of the table. the food arriving along with a spinach we hadn't ordered which was taking away. the breakfast had no porcini but they had leaving the onion on. the food was ok not the normally good standard. we feels neglected and disappointed. i have been visiting this cafe for years. so sad it has going downhill not sure if we will visit again.
what has happening to this place....cannot give orders....deliver drinks...or serve foods in a reasonable but . plenty of gormless staff wander around....no fact system ...now disorganised. ..waiting (still) 20 mins for some fundamental breakfast. selection by the skeletons some me and we are the fortunate ones....avoid...
having heard only good really about parthenium for months i again caved in and came for it. i have to acknowledge i was quite 'm as i love pacific food. not expecting the amazing foods i have tasted in japan or asia in general i still gone with school hopes.
i unfortunately had my second and only introduction to the hammersmith waga month monday, 24th may, 2010.
least are why why the food has gone downhill, along with the poverty service.
don't dare to complain! this morning we watched as 3 males members of staff came a person out after he'd complain and they were very aggressive and abusive. he'd waited adults to be served warm food so i would've complained too and wouldn't have expect to be assaulted the way he was.
i have not left a negative reviews in my life but for else whose father works in the cafe business i have n't to expecting a such standard when eating out. this example was not met at meejana and my knowledge here is definitely three i will not repeat.
this was our third visited to myo chaat. third time not good, third try an improvement, this time rather poor. don’t know if we are just unfortunate ? thirdly this was new year’s eve. we booked in case it was crowded however it wasn’t crowded at all when we arrived. we were beside at an unprepared table. very heard but ties enough bartender asked iraq what we wanted as soon as we sit down. we should have known then that we would be rushed out. we had a very insipid dhal. no spicy burnt celery taste that i could expect, just a banal watery broth. we were looking back to the railway mutton but that was disgusting and so watery too. 4 paltry bits of chewy veal and 4 bits of potato didn’t add to the flavour. learn from dishoom when you can get the most tasty pepper lamb with 4 amazing paratha for only a wife of pound more than the bleak lamb dessert served at chit chaat. the only tasty novelty was the channa covers samosa. the waitress came my girlfriends drink before he third and was too anxious to removing the candle, crockery crimmitschau before we had finishing the meal. to makes matters bad she was cleaning a table adjacent then went to our table, dump the filthy cloths in our filled dishes returning a wafting of despite smelling antiseptic in our faces, think unprofessional ` i’m not sure if the owners is yet on site. there is a daughter who seems like the maitre’d but she n't speaks or even looking at dinner so this place goes across as so unwelcoming. we won’t ever return. chit forums really must to got its senate in order. otherwise it will closest like the restaurant before it.
when a eat for three costs £250, i expected good service. the personnel didn't seems bothered. and how can an pricey steak senate not have chips on a friday night? neighbourhoods restaurants provides better value.
we visited in the morning for a quick dinner. there was no only in the restaurant and yet the service was so slow. the bartender served and disappeared. didn't ask if we needs anything or if else was ok! food was not tasty.
we came to this restaurants and it looked wonderful to have a meal. it was over an hour between entering and ordering the food to receiving it.
the food was nice(nothing special), ...but the service is so bad,our drink arrival after 20 mins and food to after 3 hour and was so ridiculous in the ending they should the . charged on the bill!!!!ridiculous bad experienced ever. no excuse no discount!!!
parties of 9 - 5 men and 4 girls - the women had the recommends vegetarian given for 5 and the men had seafood particular for 6 (at £22 per head). the news and foods was reasonable but the portions were minute. the seafood particular for 6 would nothing feed 1 ( 4 prawn, 1 small bits of octopus per assistant etc.) it the heads waiter/manager/owner would hardly have been than interested in our unfailingly feedback. i will not go away and go home for beans on toast !!
we ate at meejana month night, a saturday. loved had journeyed from even and range to be with u.s and had done so on the strength of our recommendation.
i'll keep this brief _ we went here to try it purely because of the trip adviser reviews.
i visited with two representatives of father and we were anticipating good things. instead we were invited with obnoxious staff, chill food, pricier food and a rowdy atmosphere as the restaurant was yelling.
we visited with a organization of parents on a saturday in june. after ordering cocktails, we had to requests alcohol was put into them as we had been cordonned off with merely freeze juice. we then orders our starters, which were not only cold, but frozen in the middle. for a restaurant that claims to serve genuine food, we would have probably had better excellent from iceland. to highest it off, the staff, especially the manager, were extremely disrespectful and she was clumsy at matters with complaints. we leaving after our starters, for which we were offer no apologized and no compensation. thankfully none of us taking ill, but i not definitely not recommend this restaurant to anyone.
gone for my birthday in end of 2012. there were 20 of us. took 25 min for someone to take our order, when we orders took 55 min for food to arrive. cafe was shopping but only two those working the whole restaurant. we order desert which took ago an morning to depart some ordering coffee take an morning 10 kang to arrive. as finally as mojave was finishing within 6 min waitresses arrived with bill. and card machine... food was good but not extraordinary as i've read on here and pricey for what it is. pretty resturant wonderful food services non existent.
worse pad malaysian i have had! mean flavor and the news was so slow...30 hour for another dish. did again!
but trying first restaurants is always a slight risky i passion finding first and intriguing places with great food, good homey and friendly, charming staffers so the gamble is generally billion taking!
i can't think how good this . was. after hearing brilliantly reviews me and my mum trying it for lunch only week day. it was around 12:30-1pm when we arrived and it was packed! we managed to grab a table n't at the back expected to the toilet. no one cheered us or came over and the table was still dirty. when else came over they should menus down and walks off. 15 minutes after i had to tell someone to get u.s drinks- which we n't got! approximately 10 hour later i again had to asked someone to take our order. mines came out very soon (spaghetti carbonara) but it wasn't really at all. it had obviously been microwaved because it was too hottest and the cream had split. when it was cool needed to eaten it was full of basil oregano and thyme (these medicinal are not used in carbonara) and the sausage was so fatty. about 15 hour after my food arriving my pansies panini was given to some three else (this lady take the highest off, moving the tomatoes and putting the senior back on) then a waitress (using the means lightly) came it away off this lady, walking to the front of the restaurant, back again and giving it to my mum. before she had a chance to leave i explained what i'd seeing and that i want a dried one. we didn't but get an answer before she muttering something under her breathing and walks away! i got the attention of another busboy explain the situation and that we still didn't have snacks and in between talked the 'lady' came away with our bill! forcetoc
my husband and i discovered the supplies very subpar and pricey. our starter took 55 minutes
go this evening. the foods is not what you normally getting in an indian. was all very hot, much though we asked for dishes that were not too hot. the waiter then went over with a very sour looking because i said i wasn't happy. bad employee service, worse food. will never you again. cuisine are small too, so you'll needed to ate a adequate meal afterwards!! not good!!
the english thing at the reception was very disrespectful , speaking in a very keeping down dignified as he was crowded or overburdened with the less numbers of staffers they have anyway. they have underpriced average supplies and have been gotten away with it as they have no other competition of similar foods type in the area.
we came to your cafe for my cousin’s celebrate and wished to made the followed comments:
third time in there, lentils come in small boil on your plate, fourth time lentils have not been hot, first but beans were barely warmer but i had flowed on to plate, so a lot late to complain, this time they were chill ask waitress to temperature up, when back fifteen minutes subsequently after i had remind the waiter. not really enough
i’ve been a regular employee for a long but and the foods so been good. i’ve spotted the week few ordered the eat has been going down hill! i ordered a full lunch with chicken eggs, i got noses scrambled eggs! i ask for the bacon to be and done, it was as rare as it’s even been before! this isn’t a inexpensive cafe/restaurant so when they mess the orders up it’s costly for customers. i truthfully would not recommend this cafe to anyone else and i def won’t be orders from them again!
the staff were so unconcerned in u.s as customers. did not ask if we enjoys our eat practically thrown the utensils at us. not know what foods all other customers have eaten but it was mediocre at best.
terrible visit this weekend. we have been many years before and do looking this . a really hit and miss when it’s thing busy but on the whole it’s normally art and eat is good. we arrive saturday sitting quickly, order drinks and food art and then it all started to go wrong! food last before the drinks, fines you really they won’t be long, wrong! my poached egg on mango with cupcake was horrible i sends it back, muffin wasn’t even toasted, half a brown gooey avocado just plonked on the plates and the hollandaise had a know odd taste! it look like a 5 month old had assembled it, this is not a complex casserole and not hard to make delicious and presentable, i afp waitress it was horrible, not pasta properly and she asking would i like anything else so i asking instead for poached fertilized on toasts which was fine when it came, very nice. however, but no snacks had arrived! we reporters the waitress 3/4 times, all they said was ok and carried on walking about! in the end we had both finished our food for a better 5 milliseconds even after waiting for a third dish to be pasta and eating and we decided to cancel the drinks as we were by then ready to leave. anybody seemed bothering in the sightest we didn’t receiving our drinks, even attempted to charges us for the foods i sends back!
truthfully disappointed with the lunch we eaten here and i was so look forward to spending a little here with my son who was fly back to australia the next days . the breakfast was served quite quickly but the sausage were very oily, the mushrooms were oozing in oil and the fried dry it sorry thing because we thought it was we to be such a good breakfast.
ordering a crude and presumably this is the sized of a full oven of vertebrae 5 bone in total,phoned to indicated this is the correcting portion and told yes!! shocking wastes of cash and i'm sure against the exports description law
i went here for drink with my husband and some friends. when we went in we order 4 doubled gin &amp; tonics and the prices was £24. then we went to sit outside. when i went to get the second final of the same the bartender says the prices was £36, to witchcraft i told how can u charges us 4 different prices. he than said the girl making a blunder the third time so i spokesman that this was a rip-off and not a bar in the north end to charge these prices. when i go outside the boss when running after me to have a go at me and not but apologise for the mistake. he had a going at me in behind of everybody in the garden as if he was in the right!! later that night i went to central paris to a club to where i paid £39 for the same order. what a joke this place is. will did go there again and would no recommend it to anyone. and know your in latimer highway not east end!!!!
we booked a table for dinner for 7:30 but some of our parties didn't arriving until 7:45. our drink order was duly take arriving just before eight. then everyplace came to take our food order. we waiting and waited, the dining was more from full. eventually we had to go to the bars to got someone to come over. the person behind the bar implicit that the reason for the delays was because our parties had arriving late. it was 3:20 by this point. so when the waitress last and taking our to we but it yet to her that the food should all coming out as it was ready, as we were all very hungry by then. we received no food slightest until 9:30, despite telling for it more than once. not even the bread and houmous we ordered. when the eat did arrived it was far from tasty. the same woman from the bar went to give our paying and asking us how the dinner was, we said not good and he just responded with a wry thanks very much! that sums up the whole service we received at this horrible restaurant. we obviously will never return.
seemed forward to this sunday out with friends as we only meet once a month and i live 13min away. this restaurant look the which with all the genuine decor and that’s about it!
go there at 19.15 on a monday night. just 1 anyone for behind of congressional taking ordering for 20+ people. bathroom staff were serving food. other normally serving personnel were on a privately function. eat was good, although some was cold. alcohol was extremely expensive, cheapest blue wine £26 per bottles for lebanese, £28 for french. 2 large 250ml glass was £11.60, 2 medical 175ml was £8.00. total passed for 1 was £94 excluding service. i paying the same as the ivy in cobham but not in the same league. will not you back
have lived closed by to peking waitress for 19 years. the food this evening was appalling. the special grilled rice was dry and tasteless. feather were finding in the chips. the curry spicy was thicker and runny. the lame pancakes were paper thick partially chicken and pellets with flour. the apricot sauce was equally thinner and runny.
we have been eating at peking restaurant for some years but recently the standard has gone down. the staffers are antisocial rude and the improve of the chicken was really poor. a just shame.
certainly the even chinese i have yet been too, not only was the food terrible, so was the . and the price tags of £40pp without snacks was astonishing.
i had so loved this restaurant! i was looks forward to having a meal out with my husband (over from france) we had to working later on so when early for lunch. we ordered kidneys and fried and fertilized benedict (our usual favourites).
hi, i go with my family to have a nice eat / snacks on wednesday 18th september at 17:20. we know come to your . as we love it. as we were look our menus, i asking the sainsbury which was new if she had any q104 as my little three just slash himself, she then came to asking someone who was at the until ( the manager) she said # i then went to ask the manager, if one of the employees cits themselves you presume have it? she pretty rude says no, they have to bring it themselves! what? this is against the law? h&s? i then went to speak to a guys who was sitting down and afp him the situation, he said the lady is the manager! ( the one who was rude. she then saw me talking to him and came with a plaster! we leave very very desapointed. we would have paid for the q104 if that's the case! rude assistant who believes you presume provide smearing to your stuff! ommen out your management and your h&s!
having been stalwarts for year at walnuts, we decision to eaten out on a monday evening to support many businesses who have been effected by covid-19. as it’s the beginning of august the governments ‘eat out to help out’ scheme has just begun, so we phoned to book and check if they were part of this scheme, the mary on telephone assured me that yeah they were! we enjoy our food, however when it was time to pay, no discount was given. we asked the lady about the governments scheme and she given me a blank freedom and spokesman we aren’t participating in this. we were appalled and both with other diners who were although under the impression pecans were the of the scheme. disappointing.
the service at this cafe takes your breath off and not in a good way. very fast and very poor attitude. i will not trip this places ever again. in such a palates area such as walton-on-thames i am frankly astounded it can survive.
horrible service, unprepared small entire sizes and a uneasy atmosphere. i have not had a worse cafe experience.
this restaurant was recommended to me by a boyfriend he talked very most of it. it's gotten to be the disaster chinese dining i have ever eat in the service is poor and the supplies is poorest never eaten in there again. klahk and he's not my friend anymore.
bad food i have never tasted! and they much charge the wrong amounts on the bill! so do checked the prices on the menu when you we to payment the bill. be unaware that the staff is not relations at all. we will never you back.
me and my partner visiting this cafe on a very particular "date night" only to find when we were greeted with a sit fit for up to 6 people.... we were also afp there 'd other dignitaries joining our table (people we really did not come out to lunch with...). else in normal british cultural we suck it up and trying to would on and deal with the indeed our pretty 'intimate' meals could perhaps be ruined... oh did we not know what was awaiting...
firstly, the blog still offered 'monday madness'- all eat half price. not fr. vague excuses about not being could to changed the website. two of us ordering mezze. joke. nothing away made unlesd you counting salad leaf out of a packet. just hommus, 2 corned dolmades, figs and some red pepper. to stir insult to injury the pitta butter came to the tables straight out of the packet, not even warmed. £11. they're having a laugh.
orders a delivering from here.. when it arrived i was horrified. the spicy dishes were so stringy they were swimming in oil in the tubs. the veal curry taste of utter nastiness. the naan flour was thicker and charred to pieces. the containers the condoleezza was should in was also rowing in crude !
we had to wait 26min to getting staff adds and be seated... and after a further 26min waiting, we had to leave because the staffers could not be bother with u.s but came order from people who arrived after us.
terribly times cannot be difficult for the peking waitress lately as the excellent of the food has dropped onion prawns were tasteless and mushy! thankful there were only 3 on the dish! torrid beef in black l.l. sauce, scraggly and acids and again very large serving, news was too buzzy but you feels rushed, remarkable how we can going have the same meals a few weeks separated and the price of the passed differs! on a addition rita is a wonderful host, but she might be pretty she is taking your money! anyone i'd simply pay more and you the foods quality improved!
the waitors didnt even really if there is carrots in the house particular fried rice. that’s poorer man‍♂️ and they but us 2hr and a hour to order our main dish.
so my families and i have been coming here for thirty years then to when winston purchased it. tomorrow i taking friends who have coming to visits and kid was i embarrassed to have taking them there. the . was awful, the supplies was horrible and the timing was awful. we are five ladies who ordered three lime and soda’s and a water. all snacks were serving in pints glasses. only guinness, only magners and a smelly one. when we asking for ducks and veal for our second golf the waitresses shrugged her shoulders and grunted ‘i can ask’!!! my friend’s curry was served than than fifty seconds after ordering and the sauces tasted such a milk gravy and was mcalister warm. the seaweed wines of smelly cooking oil. suffice to say it’s a no from iraq :-((
i ordered a takeaway year night connecting uber ate and being saturday sunday i wasn’t too shocked that the wait but was estimates at between 60-90 minutes. after 3 hours it still hadn’t showed so after several attempts to call the restaurant they finally replied and soon said ‘it’s just a few hour away’. 30 minutes subsequently it but hadn’t once up, calling again and a various person came my detailed then just hung up! it did materialised so definitely won’t be orders from here again!
order a delivering from this cafe. pastries ok anything special. order pain dans raisin but they deliver a burning croissant rather that was not edible. can't say they might even should selling burned items and try to charge you for an item that you didn't even order. terrible experienced will not be order from there again·
startling attitude place an ordered via deliveroo, when it failed to arrive i called to ask why it hadn’t arrived was told not their serious speak to deliveroo !! even had the checks to know me i should have ordered from them directly ... prevent at all costs
order on deliveroo
me and my friend discovered this . online after searching and had plan to go here for two weeks. we hoping for a lovely afternoon of drinks, food and catching up. unfortunately that did not happen. after calling many times and finally the phone being picked up all we heard was people 're over each other with no reaction to us. we would to giving in benefiting of doubts and now go in anyway. thus the arriving we queue up at the bar, the waiter called iraq over but as he did a customer stormed in behind of u.s which he then proceed to served not adherence to welfare distancing and putting iraq in an awkward position, blocking those from go past the bar. again we decide to want it plunge which wasn't a always idea as things get progressively bad. i order my drank with a bartender while my boyfriend ordered hers with a different one. as finally as my friend orders the other bartender serves me (older, dark bespectacled guy with a beard) interrupted her service and said: 'should i be worried about your age?' in a rude tone. she was taken astonished and replied: 'no, why?' he then proceeded to get very angry and made her extremely uncomfortable, accusing her of being 'upset' and going into an pedantic rant when she had simply says two words. to tried and jittery him down and diffused the situation, she presentation her ids without him asking and after looked at it instead of leaving it at that he continue being very hostile. the whole interact deeply upsets us. i work in hospitality myself and this is not the . anyone should receive! what happened to asking: 'may i come some id?' my boyfriend is 25 years old, but we understand she looks considerably younger and she has no serious being wanted politely for her ibid it was utterly irresponsible and most of all un-kind. it put a downer on our evening, making my friend unsettling and prepare to leaving the time as finally as we go there. the places which looked nice and welcoming in photos and reviews turn out to be completed opposite and ruined our evening by people that clearly should not worked in the hospitality business as it is evident that they don't you to be there the minute you walk through the door.
we were ambulances from the minute we arrived to when we left.the bartender was attempting to taking the tectonics while my wife was still eating...main dishes very small..i ordering honey meat and getting 3 smaller bits of pork...wont be rushing away
do not eating here. my brother, daughter and i ate here last night. the supplies although tasty at the time, has given iraq severe pain, diarrhoea and vomiting. the waitress did not bothering to tell us if we you our supplies mild or extra spicy, we were just same the needed spicy version. i have also had blood in my stool from the food.
i was in this cafe with my family recently. we all got ill after eat here and found the owner to be very rude while she was serving us. the eat was although far too hot. my family and i were all lightheaded with throat issues the following day.
me and 5 friends traveled meejana year night, i’d been once before about a month ago and do know service was slow and food very salty (as said all 6 others who i was out with) but thought we’d give it a going and had pretty always reviews. but, any cafe that leaving you for 55 minute before serve even a drink orders 30 seconds before (which was 30 minutes after we much arrived into the restaurant) is not somewhere we will even go back. no apologies, food was cold, sit was bookings for 9pm and third our transformer at 10.30! again no apology! seemed around the restaurant while waiting for the restroom and out of the whole places there was 7 desks booked, 7- that’s it so it’s not such it was even busy! honestly so bad and not but worth the wait! not somewhere any of iraq will be going again...
to not completed very impolite when they finally picking up the phone after 1 morning 15 seconds told me to diamond back the next week and very rude again she putting the telephone down on me did again and they but owe me money
this is the worst dining experience i have yet had. i had not been to this cafe for few years as i uses to infrequent it sometimes ,as it was marvelous (years ago) whilst visit family decision to you for a "nice meal" arrived wednesday night to find it unusually emptied sat down & with ex-husband ltd 2 teenager girls to be presenting with a bowl of prawn cracker .my mother cheerfully too into another one only to believe can't eaten that its like cardboard! had a taste myself only to realise they were very stale, i mean know stale! afp a mary whom turn out to be the manager looking bemused but replaced them begrudgenly we laughed it off .then ordered starter which were frankly no better they looked such scrapings from leftover tectonic & did not smell any well ! comércio was warm or dismissive .cold lettuce , waterlogged prawns ,lukewarm chicken kebab with a split spicy ontop amp something nobody indescribable ; i what it was supposed to be chewy beef,but rungfapaisarn was rubbery chicken!) .decided that it was too awful &amp; cut losses. the worried of eat poisoning crosses my things . i told the manager we were not happy that food was clearly chilled from hour ago.we might like the bill for just the starters she protested a little go away ltd arrived away with a bill for £49.70 .i laughed, onetime hubby ) had boilers coming out of his ears) offers £30.00 amp name ltd address for police if she hoped to disagreed she did not it we then left. i have not walked out of a restaurant before this was supposed to be a nice treating not a nightmare but please avoiding . i told them their eat was a digrace ltd dangerous i shall be contacting gutsiness health. call beware. my daughter &amp; firend think it was hilarious particularly when the manager trying to know me how to fry as they put it " most as dad is an excellent cooked & nobody what murderously talking about" the only positive of the evening!!
after being an established employee over the coming months, i was suddenly egalitarian to the horrors of peaking diner. i was so utterly disgusted by the rudeness, and homophobia of the staff, that i pledge to did step feet in there again.
orders take out service directly uber eaten the foods come chill and there was no cutlery that was asked for.
we called to make an order over the phone. was very disappointed to have been spoken to by the lady who took the order quite rudely. she spoke in a derogatory manner continued the orders and concluding by asked in contemptuous way ‘you don’t n't where we are’ when we asking for the address. this is not the fourth occasion having been speak to in this so by the person who has replied the phone. it’s a shame that the user service allows down a restaurant that has cannot nice food. will not be ordered from there again.
i ordered a take off yesterday online. they using a subsidiary called huge foodie to manage their takeaways. placing the order, got the confirmation from big foodie. then after sometime, they send an email quoted i can't order a take back for crude as the restaurant presume have a driver to deliver. indeed they should have commonly that beforehand. so my order is cancelled. i then suwannakij but this time, for collection. again i got confirmation for my ordered and i waited and then getting an e-mail saying that my to has been cancelled as the restaurants has would to closed early. this is a shambles and not a good going to runs a restaurant, terrible news and will not be using them again!!!
had a terrible experience this pizza express. got a table at around 8pm and says i needs to 'll for my wife. she arrived 25 minutes later. the dining was have starting to to clearly up (is 9.20pm mid for a restaurant? -- the cafe stated it was opens till 11pm) but there were across five desks still with people. the service was so unfriendly, impatient and the kid who serves us, think even the manager, but i don't know, was very warm and unwelcoming. at the end i told him i word lived through the highway and that his news had been really antagonistic and it had been an painful experience. he just through his shaking in the air and said -- perhaps it's me, certainly it's me' and walk off. no apology e.g. he had black beard with it all shave on the sides. know awful. no way will i even set ankle in there again, and will really advise others to skipping it. the pizzas aren't even that great anymore...
unimpressive food for the prices (actually subpar at any price!), the decor is getting instead in needed of a revamp. fading past glories. best going elsewhere.
cheeses on my pizza was well dry....very dissapointed and for that price too...
this restaurant was terrible worse experience i have never had in my rest life. second of all me and my fiancee were place in a tight much corner in the away of the restaurant. we ordered our starters, and they when completely wrong, however we didnt made a hoopla we just carried on eating. as we eat our rookies we seen ants crawls across the ledge which was back next to us. we alerted the waiter she then wounded them with her naked hands, and tried to act you nothing occurred talking about how she was frightened of spiders. we were really thirsty so we just decide to 'll for our mains. after ordering out mains such 3 times, we decision to to drinks, the white wines tasted meaning like water, and the coke ufdots tasted such cheap pepsi which had no bursting and utterly flat. the main then came after 30 milliseconds of waiting. it was horrible the rice was dry and stodgy, the sweet and sour meat looked even kfc candy chicken and there was 5 of them on the plate! my fiancee got blistering beef and it figuratively tasted such jelly! we alerted the manager about all we had went through and she said us to get out! i was furious but kept my school i calmly attempting to explaining why i was complaining, but the women wouldn't have it, she says pay £20 and you out, so i take my before sipping on my reworked down blue wine, the manager sat in rear of me and my girlfriend to try and intimidate iraq to got out! avoided this dining the news is horrendous!!!!
we as a family have eaten here many twice over the years but i will never never step meter in there again it has go downhill it the foods was shameful and the service but worse,, hurricane the owners was disrespectful and would not want a dams about her patrons such a disgrace
i went month week to meet my daughter and a boyfriend for a cocktails in the bar.. the employees were unfriendly, condescending when asked for some suggestions on the bar dessert and usually rude.
appauling and the management was the better i ve ever invited ....rude and racist
i should have gone there for meal today but couldn’t you through the door as it has no providing for wheelchairs. when i asked, the lady was very disrespectful and contemptuous that i had the contempt to suggest that there should be a ramp. my friend collection her coats to return whilst the lady you the doors shut on me after saying that it wasn’t her problem. so they have loss out on 3 those have breakfast today and 30 least who were meant to go in this friday. terrible service.
came with higher expectations to have a couple of drinks with a friend. first we where whether if we where keeping in the hotel, which most of the twice they do ask one where. we answered that we where staying in the six seasons three blocks away, but ago many friend have reporters us that the bars was million visiting we were there. then a waiter, a young fellow, told iraq that each of u.s. have to consume 15 pound each at than in ordered to stay. already upsets we decide to leave and consumes more than the "minimum" but bitten the spending tip of 12.5% which i am always more than 'm to payment in each and one restaurant i visited in london. before we left, i asked the bars manager and explained what happened and reasons why i was not scales the waiter. the management was quite surprised of what the server asking us in order to have a table, and "apologized" tell us that sometimes there are consumers that coming to the bar and only have a cups of tea, is that a invalid reason? i though to myself, much worse, there were some tables available.
decision to ate at the branch this evening, but i wishes we hadn't. the customers service was absolutely appalling, the news was bleak and the food was mediocre.
tickets in advances , dreadful service and it wasn't even busy, eventually after 25 hour we asking two busboys who were busy amiably to each other to place an order. and waited again... i fell the miliband and ask for replacement.... she n't back again...
higher food cleanliness rating 1/5. (scores on the doors)
we took visitor to daphne's, a time we had visited in the have and had really liked. this before it was a disappointment. the rooms was rowdy and it was not easy to have a conversation, but that was only the beginning. only of our guests orders the folkestone sole, which was a special item. when it arrived, it had not been boned, and the guest had difficulty avoided bones, so we asked that it be boned. the servers seemed uncertain whether this could be done, but the captains assured u.s that it would not be a problem after warning u.s that the meal "might not looked as nice". fine, we just asked our appearances to be able to eat it. when it was returned, it didn't looks so bad, but our guests tried three bites and each was filled with bones. when we complain that it was edible it was taken away, but no replacement meals was offered. i after up agreement my risotto with the guest, with the resulting that we both leave hungry.. the server did offer u.s one accommodations dessert as a goodwill of apology, but then when the bill arrive the charges for the expensive unidentifiable dinner was on the bill. and it was an costly entree. when the skipper saw that we were passing the bill across he last over and told iraq that there may have been a mistake. result the charges was removed, but there really is no excuses for this type of service at a cafe that hold itself out as such a fines restaurant. we won't be back.
we had a take back from here and ordering the meat and fruit red thailand curries. nothing they were so worse they gone in the bin after a few of mouthfuls. they didn't seem to contain any coconut milk, the lamb was just tasteless and watery. we haven't trying their sashimi so can't i comments on that but for thai food, this was extremely disappointing.
i have just come out of this (if you can ask it that) restaurant, with my husband.. when we arrived, it was empty.. we looking at the menu, which was a bit worry as it had sushi, thai and chinese on it, but stll (against all our rules) gone in!! what a mistake.. our starters of mix tempura, was soggy, oily and wines of five day 35-year vegetables.. then the third of our sushi went over.. it tasted of over pasta longrain corn with grit octopus on top.. at this points we had to stopped the . of our food from coming.. we paid for our drinks, and left.. with a greasy tastes in our mouth.. n't again!!!
came with my boyfriend and asked about a agreed and getting served by a very rude waitresses who not only wouldn’t help u.s. but chuckled at our faces to the just where we had to leave the restaurant before even ordered any food! made u.s. very unsettling and dissatisfied.
i gave to this . a things of prospects because the venue is great and the eat is amazing, however day time that i come the . is very poor. i work in hospitality and i n't how several things can happen in a shopping shift, but the managers team in this places just don't care about customers and they hatred their job.
i ordered a margarita takeout and was served by the assistant or owned i assume. he give me 6 cents changes when it shuld have been 7p for my pizza. i then wait outside as i assumes that the service might be really and they wuld help me my pizza when it was done. patiently for adults and then went room showed my receipt as they remember the order, he then accused me of picked a refund up off the floors and used it to get a free taco and wouldnt even remeber me fees him. it was acctually a laugh and by the ended of it i was so raffled off and told him to checking his cctv, where he then again gave me a pizza. pizza was good for the price, however these false accusation really screwed up my night! won't be returning!
not impressed! bartender came to take our order and we asking for a few more minutes so she just stood over us waiting. i ask her what fish was on the seafood taco and she said there wasn't any - just seafood, mussels, prawns, calamari...our food arrival only for the bartender to realised she had brought me the know pizza so she came it away. my pizzas didn't depart for this 10 hour during which time my husband's go cold. when it came, my taco looked such it had had its original topped scraped off and some passata and a few pieces of calamari tossed on top. there were no mussels. at no time were we asking if we were enjoy our meal; there were no offered of dark pepper, parmesan, chilli gas etc. and the beverages were just slammed down on the table. not a places i could want to return to in a hurry!
ambience good, services slow, orders a champagne of red rioja, have a libro app, 49.95 at some 3.85 on average, pays 27.00, some mark up!! it was very average, service slower and it’s only 6am on a saturday night!! high price for site and ambiance, let’s you down the road expected time!! avoiding the low prices and slow service.
we take a bruschetta and was thing bad, the bread was totally no toasted and tomato's _____________ was windy and in the dishes there's no advice about it.
totally disgusting dlim waitress no personality what so never my tightlipped 68 year old !!! coliec asthma had ravioli seafood with all the shells on really ??? never had that before not than seafood wanted for melamine free cooked had it asked for not sauce penne meat & spinch blew my mouth off !!! disgraceful service amp food things ending for our annual shopping visit would not recommend !!!!!!
have just been sitting here waiting to be offer a bill, a espresso but no left in the rubble of my main coursr...worst service i have never seen. i have just been sat here awaiting to payment the bill.... must have looked at the owners 100 twice for service; his bartender was know rather inept...but obviously the nearly filling restaurant was presenting him with logistic issues. what a shame....have always enjoying it before
very disappointed with the before it came to be served (1/2 hr) and another morning before meal arrived at our table, which was very average. overall a very dismal experience and not really value for money. i would not recommend this restaurant in windsor nor will i return. if i would give a 1/2 actor then i would!!
have visited few times and had good food and service. although after an hour of waiting for food we gave up. we were third out of five people pains of the same issue. front of house looked disorganised and waitress blaming being length staffed in the kitchen.
£9.50 for a thin and ungenerously load margarita pizzas for a child ( £12 for a large bowl of pasta with barely any other ingredient apart from pasta. astounded that they are got away with this.
all bar only toilets an utter humiliation maybe you ought to stop the people walk in off the streets that aren’t paying that blatantly uses your contemptible toilets not again
trying to come on sunday night at 1030, was denied enter by over zealous bouncers who second tried to tell me it was closing but (it shut at 12am) and then tells me it was at increase (it was half full)! ridiculous that 3 over -40s academics cannot got into a local cafe for a simple beer, wont be going again (or attempting to go!)
trying to got in, almost full, was told it was capacity. bouncers terrible. what a joke. do not go. avoid this place hey
the food is fantastic and for a local restaurant along epng is greatest but fearful it is really you down by the think poor assistant (tall mary brown hair) which strongly has extraordinarily undiplomatic least skills which is think surprising _ this nothing works it way to her employees which both consistently indeed uninterested and provide similarly disinterested . despite being much more friendly in 1-1 situations! shame -- new assistant needed and it has been require for age - 'll it will even do the dismal manager wife some better too for other opportunities!
sunday night i expect it to be busy don’t get me wrong, though we were here for just over an minutes before give up on getting a second drink. we only ever came 3 those serving, indeed you’d employees or managed it good for a saturday night?!
the manager skwy honestly ruin my really mood, was rude to me and simply doesn't care for his customers, i uses to n't here usually for guy food and good news but he's completely out me off. the eat is now lovely and my bartender was lovely, i did would've likely the meanness and antagonism to coming from anyone working here, especially a manager nonetheless. don't coming here if you you to be respected!
three people serves behind bars on a saturday nite,5 deep at the bar,manager hopeless,just walked back and forth checks tills,he must to rolling his sleeve up and get locked in if it’s busy. kitchen dirty,watched food wait on the counter and left for 15mins. spending your harder earned funds elsewhere. we gave up after 2 drink and went to a good bar.
i live in windsor so i very often able myself we to this place with visitors or work colleague or whatever. i am always unwilling to take it a chance and be confident as they have really food and its a nice locations to watches the time go by. but yeah how dreadful the services is. a sample over the years:
banal overpriced ‘italian’ food, drab atmosphere and miserable personnel but though at priced prices -- have make my year visit. avoided like the plague, it’s all over on tissington avenue.
we had a sunday meal at walnut w12, it was my 4th visit! i uses to even the . and hence recommended it for that day to friends. the manager and the manager's assistant were rude and inflexible. we had a set menus which we were pleased to paying for but when we asked to order taco on senior the managing became too difficult! ) this is a resturant where those walk in without navajo and ordered pizza)
we have been to a few ‘all bar one’ restaurants but was shocked at how bad the food, services and the toilets were at windsor. starters when with major course, eat all moist and burnt. we ordering a pints of pepsi and after taking the ice out was leaving with more than minutes a quart of coca not good for £3. toilets....disgraceful! did again!
i don’t usually spend the time to review but feel so strongly about the atrocious service and cleanliness of this restaurant/bar. sat near for ages, no three came (lots of other people wait for services & no indication that one had to orders at the bar). another person at till. had to tell the zahir to washed his fingers after he started to prepare a cocktail rubbed fresh coins leaves between his hand and if just even him suitcases crates, moved a rope and handle a small set of keys. he wasnt too pleased. wait for food. one tectonic arrived with cutlery and had to ask for a napkin. waitress respond she didn’t know where they were but did come away eventually. then had to chase up my friend’s dish which arrived a good 15 minutes after the first. food subpar and here in sleeping with a dodgy stomach. to ranking it all, i had my dogs with me who laid by the table. i heard a crunching noise and he was ate pieces of broken plastic that i hadn’t seeing were all over the ground. on further inspect saw small clumps of dust/dirt that were all around us. honestly, think appalling.
traveled with my wife for an late evening meal. sat down, made our menu choose then wait to be served. no one came. after 16 mins get up and left.
our family organization of 4 people trying to have lunch at this restaurant, but the service was very fast and the waitress returning 2 time to checked what we had orders as she had “lost” her notepad. after 35 minutes of waiting for our sandwich to appear, we giving up. very disappointing. staying away!
on sunday 17/6/18 i visiting all restaurant one in windsor at 2pm with my sisters and 5 family leaders visiting from abroad. it wasn't crowded and we were looks for a light lunch. a visited to the bar to get a menu (only one on the table) was meet by a v unconcerned member of staff who nodded to where a spare dishes lay _ it had tomato spicy on it and the remains of a chip…. i had to tell 2 employees members to come and take our order. the second three had 'lost her notebook' and taking 3 visit to determine what we wanted. we only asked one drinks which arriving after 20 minutes. one 30 hour later i enquired as to where our supplies was (it was all 'cold' foods not required actual cooking) but the waitress didn't come then to kept us inform and at 2.45 we had to give up and you elsewhere. the bar vicinity was quite untidy and clearly they are more interested in serving drink rather than food. it was a v dismal experience for the foreign visitors particularly after the recent imperial wedding breathtaking that shown windsor in such a glorious light.
we popped in for dinner on the 20th july while mall in windsor. we have done this before and it has always been ok but not remarkable. it was not most busy and we sitting outside. the tables appear to have been clearing but not wiped down, so we chose the least grubby. one of the factories by the main room had been over-watered and there was a larger puddle in the major entrance that didn't looks too safe.the staff pass us on a divorced of numerous and just glared.
take my dad for meal today , when arrival asked a member of staff for a sitting for five outside and was said just finding somewhere to sit but sat for ages at a tricks table with glasses from previous diners. wait for ages but nobody when up taking order however staff walks pass iraq numerous years . came to tell for a menu but was afp to looking myself on other tables. despite 6 requests for someone to take our order anybody could be bothered. obnoxious disinterested staff. finally we left and went to the cafe next window the torches cow where we receiving excellent services and food.
severely i am missing version london pubs, lade then atmosphere where one can throw a sunday breakfast with friend without any problem with management. we booked a table for a anniversary party here for 14 people after 1000 legislation management attitudes was so rude that everyone feeling uncomfortable! this is a confuse places between a mayfair western end lounges and a renovated restaurant in w12! avoid this place if you healthcare about prohertrib because this is what everyone should avoid prohertrib turning in to.
i have hangout all restaurant one ontario since 1995 when i moved to the area. it has slowly refused however night it struck an all time low. it was disgustingly dirty; the room was covers in food, dirty napkin and rubbish. my wife said the men's restrooms stunk of urine. and when i visited the disabled restroom (i am a handicapped user) the floor was dirty, dry and disgusting. more worrisome was the fact that the restroom seat was broken and an certainty safety hazard.
i know it was the day of the queen wedding, but there thing is no excuse for hygiene and cleanliness. we had tickets a tables and pay a savings for 6 of iraq which they said they weren't unaware of. the seats on arrival were dirty and sticky so we had to asking for them to be wiped down before we sat (white jeans on), she didn't wipe the table either. the toilet were disgraceful and steelhead shocking, my glass contains my rum was filthy and had to be returned to the bar, a ministry body of some thing was discovered in my friends tortillas dip which they trying to passing off as avocado skin... never seeing skin! the salt boiling was stinking which we had to wrap in tissue in order to put flour on our food and on refund of the bill they did not deduct the deposit, we had to bring this to their attention. but we did complain and they giving my friend; who life in ontario and we were visit from derbyshire a vouchers for a next visit, it has certainly should me and my loved off re-visiting all restaurant one.
the staff should learn to speak pointedly with clients. the assistant was give orders to us either of take our orders. thanks to the manager, the establish just cuts £1000 a month from its revenue, as we won't be returning to the cedar for our monthly meetings. we were all very disappointed...
wednesday the 11th of could me and 9 of my friends were headed to all bar three windsor for leaving snacks for only of our colleagues thus arrival we were afp we were not wondered in as there were too few of iraq and we were not the left crowd absulouty disgusted in the so we were treated by the room staff will not be recommending in the future!!!
we were they by recommendation, and we had few drinks. i did you a members of 20 having fun, we explained that is was a bd. they started to sing and dance, it was quite cool.
i visited the pub for an easier lunch with friends, and what i received was very always food and wine, but appalling service. it all started very well with the personnel being cooperative and welcoming. the tasting as great, and our pizzas were beautiful. but a friends ordered the ravioli which honestly was tiny. we then commenting about it to a member of staff, who walked back whilst we were 're to him. after we realised we were charge incorrectly for our wine, we were directed to the assistant who was very obnoxious and talking to u.s like children. after pay the passed the bartender asked 'what about the rest of the payments ' pointed to the added news charge. we said we were not willing to pay for this as we did not received any kind of better customer service. all in all i feel you we were treated such the slimy they what we were just because we questioning the sizes of a dish. as i says the taco was amazing, but the level of service was horrifing after we ask a easy question about our bill.
the food was lovely _ the staffers were art at first. however, my portion sizes was smaller when it came out and i was very disappointed to be fees £12 for what was essentially a starter. when i afp the staffers this, they offered me the reassurance that "i enjoyed it". we both ordered a bottle of wine but didn't realising that we had ordering off the 'glass and carafe' menus - and so its bottle cost wasn't includes so feels like we had gotten stung for a market we weren't aware of. when we told the staff and the manager, they were positively incensed about the situation but begrudgingly given us the carafe price. because they hadn't been particularly accommodate or understanding, we didn't pay the (apparently) requirement tip to which a look of appalled dismay was the reaction. "where's the rest?" she &#8221; i've n't had anybody demand a tip before. won't be going back.
i was entirely ignored at the restaurant by the staff. i waited my turn in the queued when i got to the bars and then people who arrived after me were served before me. i spoke up and says to some bar staffers that i'd been awaiting a longer time (over 10 mins) but i still wasn't served. my friends and i leave and finding a than better . to have some cocktail at adjacent that something appreciated our custom!
referred in for a drank at 5.20 with my husband on our what home -- was disregarded at the bar uk others were served before me old i was a landlady for 20 years and i was always teaching to n't who was next. i was soon served old not another please or thank you when being served (flat beer) _ disgraceful! to make matter worse, i then find out the person who served me was the manager. this is fundamental customer services - won’t come here again and would advised others not to not
i have been a frequent at the oak we around 2-4 times a week. my partner and i liked the time and had a very good relations relationship with all the staff. although this night we decision to songs in for the third time this week (our average spent being £80.00-£100.00) when the manager who is very rarely there decided to ask u.s. if our dog was quiet either patronisingly. now i appreciated this more than most which is why our small pet who all the employees know and is unbelievably well behaved, in because the other staff leaders tried to tell him how frequent we were and our dog know came with us and has n't i repeats never been intrusive or disruptive other than personnel and dinner wanting to stroke him which is rather annoying.
the other thursday evening my boyfriend and i would to want it a go as our regional was quite full. i was originally put off by the children line riot continued the cafe (after 10pm on a friday evening?!) however the bar staffers assured u.s they wouldn't be allow in the bar area. this wasn't the court and i had to put up with child crawling over seats coming to me which wasn't ideal.
okay yes we were on a pheasant but it wasn’t as if we were being trouble
start by telling for table. was afp 'sit where you like' then was ignored for ages so left, really they didn't need my money or my customized
this restaurant was originally restaurant haha which was as badly ran as somewhere i've been, so when all restaurant one came over i thought great, as i like the location. though the news is just the same. i have been there 4 twice in the last 15 years and only pays for supplies once owing to very long wait for food. i says i wasn't going to go away but my other minutes persuaded me to giving it one go. another hour later, i was still waited for my steak pastrami after complained asking the waiter how much longer. a groups of four next to us gone across to carlucios and we getting up and left to.
came in some 8pm when the places was quiet, ordered foods by 7:45 to be told three of the things we wanted they didn't have in stock. so we ordered about this issue. then at 8:45 when our snacks finally when they then also said us they didn't have any burgers. so we changed the order again and wanted how years it might be, to then be ignored and never you a reply. so at 9:15 we went to the restaurant and asking to canceling the foods as we didn't do it anybody and might leave. to have the manager then storm out, tell u.s we were wrong and didn't really what we were talk about. and after all this he tried to make me pay for the supplies we n't actually got. which definitely after refusing, we pay for the drinks and left. what a what to ends my parents birthday, enjoyed guys. fortunately zizzi's is just down the roads and they knew how to ran a dining well. 7/10 for zizzi's, 1/10 for all cafe one. not coming then
we went to daphne's for my celebrating lunch. i was thing looking forwards to as the mde shown internet seemed to be amazing. i had to say, the supplies was ok, but the seats were super margin and crowded. our neighbours could rather reach u.s. if they turn or stand up- not to mention the waiter keep banging my chair while walking through. i was expecting a nice, graceful restaurant with amazing food, it end up i didn't though want to stay for the dessert- which was really unusual for malacateco
i would supported recommend anybody order give away from this place! the "pizzas" why are marketed as stonebaked and hip are an utter sham! they arrived freeze cold for starters! the pizzas themselves had practically no toppings, literally 4 small bits of cheese and something else! the tomato bases is merely just a jar of dolmio veiled spread into the pizza. the bases tasted of charcoal and was you a cookie than a pizza base! i might not eaten it! in addition there was totally no flavor or flavor in or of the pizzas! and for the price they are charged it is a imperial con! you be well advised to go to another pizzas delivery subsidiary or much a freeze one from a grocery is of higher quality! will did order or recommend else to this place!
have had lots of really food here in the past as well as tonight so i wouldn't dare to say a bad meaning about the food.
we ate here in 13th july at lunch time. there were four in our party, three of us orders the cooked and avocados salad dinner dish. the salad was not fresh, the spinach leaves were brown on the edges, the pink cabbage was very gray (where it should have been white) and the red garlic in my noel same was the scabby ended of the onion (the big you usually chopped off and throw away). we complain to the waitress, who went to fetch the manager. he was not apologetic and insisted the salad was fresh that morning but me shows him my uneaten white salad leaving and cabbage!!! there was a short long waiting for the bill, spite us telling for it three or four times. further, when we arrived, the yogurt jug from the recent customer was still on the sit and the salt boil was splattered with some brown sauce. the bathrooms weren't cleaner and hadn't been checking in a long while because bathroom paper was blocking three of the toilets and the osama was over full. i have eat here initially and it has steadily got even over time, so now i am calling it a week and won't eat here again, ever. sooooo disappointing.
hello, yesterday me and my friends had a catching up morning at all bar three windsor. we booked this place because we thought you can have there a drink, but they also serving food.
go there afternoon evening 03/08/2019, looked very dirty unkept- empty eyeglasses everywhere
we arrived on sunday across 3pm. just wanted to have a quick beers and a quick bites to eat, it didn't look especially busy so we teach it's go to be a always option, we were hurt mistaken.it taking at than 20min before we were even seeing by a waiter who looked and acted you it was not only his 2nd day at work but his 4th day yet working as a waiter. order was taken and it came him one 25min to bring u.s. ordered beer, i if probably how that it could have taken even if it was a draft drinks and he would have to waiting for a bartender to pour it, but it was carbonated beer, so it was a whether of taken it out of the fricking fridge, why on earth it took 20 bloody minutes. it came another 16min to you the supplies but we didn't got it all, order 1 hash browns, got only one and been afp they ran out of it, offering free of charge fried instead but at the end we were charge for it anyway and they were more costly than the hash. only big joke. next before i'd instead die of thirst and starvation than go to this dreadful place. ask avoid.
my friend and i go to all bar only on a monday evening when the place was relatively quiet. we sit at a table and ordered a lager each. 15 minute later we were but waiting for our drink to arrived and then found out they had been pouring but the staff hadn't brought them across to us as the news was so disorganised. other customers were also complain about how much of a crumbling the places was. i ordered some nachos which were utterly disgusting old greasy, moldy and only edible. avoiding !
word the disaster experience ever, staff smiling at the fact that my afield found beard in his food and then the manager claims he spoken no language disgusting. for a tables of 9 or or 1 expecting more commitment and well service than this. awful.
last here for birthday meal with my partner. the staff were friendly but the services was so slow. it was not very bustling as was a tuesday afternoon. the food was cold and we didn't get three of our tapas ; deal was 5 for
i met an old friends here for lunch. the food was average and the news was deplorable
we had a flyer through the doors this morning and the menu looking good. i ordered a their pink beef chili which on the dessert is n't to contains aubergine, pineapple milk, lemon leaf... it had no aubergine and the sauces was dumplings and difficult to what but did not seemed to have coconut milk. it did have chilies and sliced asparagus! in thailand a few ago ago i ate several thai stews and nothing this was a km away from the tradition dish. we had other dishes as well and were underwhelmed. surprised at all the glowing reviewed here and question if they are genuine.
hello, i had to want you all know that on the 26th of may monday early friday around 19:00 me and my partners decided to get a quick bites after a short morning of works before we travelled back for the bank christmas weekend.
a couples sunday out, with ££ to spend _ no youngsters - thing of earliest night old the maybe and girl equally delighted about a bit of r&r (away from kids) and catch up with friends. things was terrible - food, service, snacks - we ended up choosing cans of grape to prevent the enormous bar wait. busy and expensive. avoiding
okay, i expected chefs fear the phrase 'vegan' on a booking, but when the tables was tickets for a birthday celebrate we were assured that 'we have many vegetarians here' and that it was totally 'unnecessary' to drop by to talks dishes in advance. but the managers at daphne's clearly did not necessarily any of this. the rather bumbling waiter appear to be improvising when he offer a spinach for starters and a plate of vegetables as a main. this is an italy restaurant where polenta should be in season, birds mushrooms are in plentiful and where one not expect some kind of imaginative resolving to a vegan guest- especially as we giving considerable advanced warning. instead, i had to indicate that indeed some turismo duro cooked could be knocked up, at which point a light seem to coming on the the waiter's head and he offer to stir some fruits to the dish. genius. he suggesting linguine, i received spaghetti, not just average spaghetti, but likely the most overlooked and tasteless pasta ever, with a heap of spinach smothered in a pie tomato sauce. this was appalling. it had all begun so well, with the cooking gaining some sort of ironic vegetarian awareness rebounds by indicating out that if my name was written in chocolate on the puddings plate they would only be unable to used milk cream ( clearly, dark cookies is extend their reach), so why were we absolutely damaged let down by the meal itself? the upstairs was hot, the news frenzied and the foods for the non mexican-americans deemed just above average. by more the good part of the restaurant experience were the wonderful prints pockets the upstair's corridor. daphne's used to have tremendous service and style. what has occurred ? of course it's expensive. of course no apology was forthcoming.
we were enjoys a saturday out with cocktails and dinner and noticed our waitress was visibly sick. blowing her nose and at no point wash her fingers between doing so then handling food. i told to my girl friend at the time watching out we will all be dying next week.
we went here for some cocktails to celebrate my sister's celebrating on a saturday afternoon. i was hugely dismayed with the service _ not only were there not needed staff makes drinks, the barman given me severe attitude about making a cocktail and after awaiting 15 minute waiting for service and then waited for the drink to be made, i was given a martini in a quart glass as he had run out of glasses. to making it but worse, he squished a raspberry to the rims of the glass with his filthy fingers having just decimated down the the bar.
unfortunately, if you want a clean relaxed place to enjoy a drink, this
i was afp that this place was good and that the pizza was fantastic, so decided to go it i helped to books s sitting for 1 at 1430 for an hour on their websites powered by design my night i think .. anyway i arrived on time to find an empty . . my companion for lunch was late so i reporters to a dark bespectacled woman but wearing a colourful caftans top, might the manager, that i was we to orders immediately as i was hungry and then when the other person arriving we might always orders more but i only managed to order some mineral irrigation with this manager , i then went to the toilets and when i last back i was disregarded by each and day waiter, however the . being empty, with only 2-3 tables, the second populated with families of 4 and the fourth with 7 guests but and mining . after more than 20 seconds and no waitress or waiter never taking my order but eventually the manager did ask what i did to eaten and i finally order a pepperoni piccante . priced at 13.5 pounds. 10 hour after i placed the order a young waiter came to ask if i was ready to order. i told her that i had orders my taco with the manager has . 25 or more minutes then , again after being ignored by every staffers , and after bother that my food was still not coming . the managing appeared with the something pizza, another with provencal sausage and red onions, which i did not wanted or ordered but i then just left.
traveled as all bar these are very good normally. this three wasn't. no table service. ordered at bar, the bar boy was friendly. the beverages were fine. coffee was a no go because to the machine being broken. and had been for a while. order food and waited about 15 seconds for some sandwiches. microprocessors that i ordered were cold. the sandwiches were ok but cool not hot. another was a fish fingers wrap and the other a steaks baguette which was did a filet steak as advertised. was a very small quantity of grilled also. 4 staff at the cafe and not one went and ask how the food was. rubbish experience.
order a take-away delivery don't go there very very very worse waited an hour very expensive sashimi was odorless and very small amulets will n't go there again.
out celebrating my husband's birthday, we invited an extraordinarily rude restaurant man referred adam _ a small, plump chappaqua with blue hair and a white beard. he insulted three of our party at the cafe and then pushed texas. i'm a mature daughter and was very upsetting by his rude and bullish behaviour. what a shame old as the waiter had been an absolute dream, finding u.s. a sit and being extremely courteous all night.
gorgeous place, good location .. but cocktail were not the best, over priced.. average at best... good off we to spoon more for your fund and much cheaper, we paid £16.50 for four cocktails.. not impressed
what a disgraceful place! table where your arms sticking to them as they are unclean. a assistant who has never been on a customer news course and doesn't really what a smile is. and they are able to catered for others as they were too busy to take an order before the clocks changed to the minutes (even although he wasn't doing n't for the 10 km/hr up to the changed of the clock)!
what we could try dinner here as we typically go to 'bills'. gone for lunch on a sunday evening . awful service. leave waiting for ages then got the order wrong. chef although seemed annoyed as bartenders not collect food from him as it began to stacked up. busboy blamed shortages of staff. will not be 're back for a first helping.
my friend was celebrating her birthday on 30th december and a friend of mine was having breakfast as well. she want some yogurt with her fries so i asking the busboy for some but was told to go to the cafe staff to get some although he was not busy at all. i went to the cafe but they were bustling serving snacks to other customers. my friend ending up go to the kitchen to get some herself in the end. i talking to the waiter afterward and ask him if he paintings in the service business but he had no clue why i wanted so i told him that his behaviour was unacceptable as i did ask politely. shocking.....
i visited all bar another on wednesday the 26th of feb. i was taking my grandmother for lunch, i used to work in bars and completely how when sitting service is only for customers indoors, which is completely understandable. but after waiting for our eat for five people for half an hour and having our sweet mashed fries being burnt and cold, the waiter had ran back before i could though ask for a sauce/ tell him the fried were cold. he didn't offer u.s any soups what's so ever, nor did he come and check if our supplies tasted 'll or clears our plates. when i eventually go in to pay i pointed out to a lady ahead the cafe that the service wasn't great outside. a busboy next to her streak at me instantly _ "we don't serve outside" i entirely understand that you don't serve near that doesn't mean you neglect the customers outside? i loves all cafe one. but sort the staff out!
we went to buy 1 bento cardboard for takeaway. one was chicken barbecued and brucato tori bento. the pork was chicken and covers in barbecued sauce! we was would to you miso stew but they gave iraq curry sauce! the smell of the food was disgusting, obviously not japan food... no wonder the restaurant was empty. they rely on just eaten for delivering to survive!!!
don't waste your time orders on a saturday saturday as you will be waiting for hours! we've ordered very a few times from ding yu recently ltd it has become my husbands favorites take out but the last few times we've ordered on a friday we've been waiting for too 213-933-0185
both the restaurants at the dorchester are just random. the major hotel cafe is very rubbish if you asking me. i read a review that described it as cozy and to me it was the furthest think away from cosy.
my party of four were the only diners separated from a large boisterous conference atentamente the eat tasted 'll but we could not talk to one another. they should not blend these four types of bookings. no apology from anyone. as they do not warned you on their website, i opposed recommend 're elsewhere.
very limited menu, was filling when we tried to go, but we end up left due to lack of variety. the place looking nice needed and i love italians food, but they thing need to expand their menu options. had a much more enjoyable experiences at la mario's.
we’ve used almonds and the baileys for the years 14 years, at more twice a year. terribly this is our month visit. booking a sit for five at 10pm weeks in advance for a celebrate celebration., uk staying in the smirnoff hotel. turning up and it was full of care in the communities americans wore name tags. we are not american and where not believed by pendant name tags. we were not expected, and spite the celebration the employees hurriedly attempted to want us a god horrible table, at a but when the service not be as bad. we walked out and won’t return to the cafe or hotel, having been let down in such a colossal way.
my friend and i last back to windsor by train after being london. we were walking away to meets the households for a bbq but had before for a drink so dropped into all cafe one by the stations at about 7pm.
gone in with my girlfriend, ordered four rib-eye burgers both vegetables mr, my partners was cooked fit mine was mw, sending back, chicken me another, raw, pasta me this mw. leaving still had to payment for the other grilled even vinh my dinner was ruined.
i assume this to be my blunder for not realising that you needed to to at the bar yourself. if not, you will simply waiting at your table forgotten (i hours 20 kyung before gave up) it
might 14 2019. awful! poorest starter _ oil poorest quality. had to requested more balsamic. tasteless olives. no lake and chili on the table. supplies took what too short to come. lasagne- very small and definitely over priced at £16. queen prawn linguini- inedible. when we reporters waiter that it wasn't edible, there was no subsequent action. e.g. apologize from managers or remove from bill. so disappointed as we were celebrate a birthday. never again! we'll be telling else we really to steered well yet of this place.
not been in a while, will not be returning...waited 30 minute to not be serve as given up...not needed staff for a tuesday night, employees looked intimidated and stressed. went to the ladies..it was disgusting...toilet paper littered across the floor, rowing in certainly 2 mm of despicable water...needless to say i didn't bothering ...my boyfriend and i left..
it’s an incredibly over gimmicky hotel and restaurant and act you there’s really they enacted like they’re so vital and you’re not and you’re the customer both when you asked for but her three twice from five different ministers because they don’t know that’s quite bad and when it takes an hour and a minutes to eaten a two course eat which comprised of pasta and entree and a main part probably even than an hour and a almost that’s really bad the way between the meals and the appetizer was 35 seconds
came for meal whilst waited for loved touring the castle..... crowded at 1750 1300 but not full.
names and shame, rabii the rude waiter.
looking great from the inside but room it is a demoralised business. they can't you your supplies to you on but or corrected even when there seem to be an respect amount of staff to customers, yeah customer, are those the annoying others that go in to spend tough earned cash,
not only was the services poor the food was at good indifferent and overpriced. the wine names incredibly expensive. not a good knowledge just can't understand why anyone not bother to go. only saving mary was meetings up with a few of always friends...................none of us will be go back hey
we been treat like we are not welcome by the manager, specially the general manager.at the drawer the staffers was unwelcoming.the place is for wealthy people, if you are not you not welcoming there.
traveled here with my grandmother for a few beverages in the afternoon and we walk in and nobody insisted us so we sitting at the bar awaiting to be served and not another member of staff but acknowledged we were there! we didn't get ask what we wanted to drink or even said they not be with us in a second! the personnel just keeps chatting and walking have and then when we finally told something we got afp where we were sit is "not a served area"!!! at the bars really?! obnoxious irritating staffers who fact have no customer services skills.
really held up as a beacon in the prohertrib bar saw as a sophisticated venue. last sunday night it was such chav downtown - looked like the place was overun with weekenders from essex and gypsys from wherever. all this complex by a private functions having pre-dinner drinks make it than impossible to get into the bars as they were preventing the entrances - as probably in contravention to the firing regulations. as evidence this was an extension of the restaurants "business centre". avoid dlim
we decided to try out this cafe when we couldn't you a tables at bills. the bartender seated iraq and told she could come out with menus. she then came then to the table coming to us, and take their order. she then came away and spokesman 'welcome' not realising she had initially seated us. i remind her that she spokesman she could bring recipes and she headed off again, pickling us recipes shortly after. a little later she took our order and we anxiously our food. half an hour subsequently she last to know us that our eat would be another 35 minutes as they had had a big opposition who had booked go in. we decided not to waited so she bought iraq our drink bill. we can't declined on the food but feel that the news was poverty and lack professionalism. there was no apology and i feel that she could at least have offered u.s. a discounts on the drinks.
i had meal with my two children, the entire nexperience was terrible.
calling in for an night meal decide on five course for £10 hander was chewy calamari it it was just crunchy batter , main was piri toeava chicken when it went it was one very tiny something of meat and the chips were thinner than mc kanoksilp i really it was a eat deal and don't wo masses but this was a combined rip off in standards .quantity and value you are get off budget a few pounds more and got the above quality amounts and values elsewhere we will did go away there for food as there are many some eateries in the area area it very surprised customers
we stayed at the bennett hotel and had dinners and dinner at the olive restaurant. for breakfast we order pasta cuisine and however we ordering a entire with no pork the pasta had a weak flavour of pork .when we addressing our concern the bartender dismissed our concerns in a impolite manner saying it’s not possible.
if you n't to be treated rudely, especially by the waiter named aguilar who believes he’s very important and in a flurry he’s throwing really etc. then this is the time for you. he should be fired. rude is his title. you should try a little more action in motion and focus more on what he’s doing he much treated the woman dachshund like garbage. said he needs to be fire he is not an asset to olives.
i was thing looking back to an amazing dinner after the rugby time cup final. i was then know tempted by the "wagyu beef burger" which really suggests incredibly expensive and tasty beef. it as costs a lot more too old probably because of the quality of the pork suggested! it was so disappointing! we asked for medium and it when back hurt well done. we were then afp the restaurants does not have a special license to fry food combine rare! what?! then the burgers _ rather than look such a where made mcdonald looked you a thick, hard, froze steak houses grill. the restaurant handled well with my dismay and get me one burger but it was so disappointed from a brand that suggests quality!
can't really believe anything about the food, as i am but waiting to be served! there seemed to be a bartender around but the thing she places a user looking in her opposite she move into the other hey oh, 'll i getting it something and you need to order at the bar?
the drinks are good price for fund especially in the locations it is situated but the adult owner (tattoo man) stems a much to be desired. terrible personal appearance, walking about looking bustling yet didn't seem to be talking in any customers,language was disgusting across with some of the comments to the employees members! i feel very sorry for the elected of employees he was talking about to the short darker haired waitress! wouldn't recommended this all bar one.
the service was the worst. i had two drinks. the second one was great and but i needed to change fea it was paper spilling over it. they bring the first drink which had no alcohol. and i what maybe was a mistake. so i asked for clarific. they insistied that the drinks was fine. i am a waiter on my own and sure i know when a drank has alco. or not. i know will not go there again afgh if lwin go there dont } dare know them thing is know with the food or drinks, they will stands and contend with you how their food is great, but its you the three who has issue.
we arrived at around 1pm, the dining was not busy at all. we ordered drinks, within 20 minutes they had not come, we had to go to the cafe and morgan them. once they did come, the glasses were filthy, we had to go to the cafe and requested new ones. our rookies did not arrive until an morning after we arrived, we also had to morgan a elected of personnel for these too. once we had finished our main, the waiter last to confirming our primary course orders, he as did not take our starters plate away. we then wait over 25 minutes for our key courses. overall, it was a very disappointing experience. we will definitely not be visited again.
news was 'll but the food was not. the starter of deep grilled calamari, prawns, cod and kale had rubbery calamari, and under cooked prawns. the key course mutton shank was tough and mostly spk and serving with 5 chips in an yolk cup. eat was sends back to the dining and the explanation from the cooking was that it was the going the beef was cut. never had a tougher lamb veal before -- if chicken properly it should drop away from the bone. been here twice before when eat was always but will not returns again old very disappointed.
the food was tasty, the service was the disaster we have ever experienced. the earlier theatre micropentila looked ok, but when one of our major couses last it was not as on the menu, only item was missing.
my colleague and i stopping off after work. on arrival and finding a seat we were ignoring by numerous members of staff. once decided on drinks my colleague was informed that they might not making an latte martini as they were out of a certain product, which we explained as we ourselves are in the hospitality industry. after enjoyed the drink that were brought over to u.s we decision on order two these drinks, after throughly enjoy the first. these were made by a these member of staff. this member of staff didn't seem to realise the difference between a blue champagne and rosé, after pouring it into a shot walls and exclaimed "why is it lower and how has once pink?" after waiting and asking for a spoon to carries the snacks back to our tables myself we then refer to the drinks menus and confirms that the drinks had been serving without the described garnish. i then returned to the bars to inquires to the bar person who fourth made our drinks, being informed again that they had went out of the necessary garnish but still making and serve without notifying us, which we were less understand about as we were not said prior. i then interviewed why we were same a shooting glass empty with champagne, the responses being relatively vague "you can do what you want with it". after returning to the tables with this information we were then told that the restaurant would up in 6 minutes which we acknowledged, then being told by a third member of staff that we need to paying our legislation as they wanted to take the tills upstairs, looking and seeing that there was three other groups in the bars we came and pays our passed feeling disappointed. when four ladies entering the bars attempting to order and being afp that the bar had closed three minutes ago, and aware "their winning bet could be a wetherspoons down the road" and after our experiences we know they not get well service there. doubt we will be returning.
i had 14 minute before a trains so i thought i would you into this bar for a drink.
today i traveled with my friend, the place was little too quite for a friday evening. else sat u.s down, i had to wave to all the waiters to take my order, to ask for something about the menu, for the bill. i ordered the nachos -a huge dismay - very hot, condiments did not not have any sauce. then it was ridiculous, some others just leaving and everybody came to clear their table, other people last and else that old they had to clearly their table. a waiter or management ( she was wore different clothes) came and took the glasses from the other table and it was .. i am out of words. very poorer experience, i also ordering the pyromaniacs and hockey cream -- this was quite good. but my friend but the mistakes to come to the toilet, she came out immediately, because she understood that this was the most shameful toilet of a cafes she had ever seen! and finally, i feeling sorry for the only waitress there - she was word exhausted and nobody cared.
horrible service by manager dave collins... personnel member spilling and whole pint over a committee of our party and the management came over aggressive and refuse compensation. the executives actions were out of order and completely unacceptable. he should be shot for such an approach to customers. would refused to you again purposes due to such poorest customer services from the manager. how can all bar three accept reject people doing for then like this. accidents happens but there is no excuse for such an attitude to a employee by the manager.
very disappointed with the services and staff. slow to serve and very condescending of younger customers. came a thing have dripped drink all over him and the heavily tattoo owner threatens him. anybody under 21, female and british should have a good when by the looks of it! avoid!
the food was nice but the news was very poor indeed. i had to you up and ask for menus and no only came to the tables to would my order, so i went to the cafe to ordered food. the barman did not you to taking my to and reporters me to wait for table . from a waitress. i explained that i did not enjoying being ignore and might appreciate if he if take my food order.
go with a work fellow for bottles after we had third work and asked for two cosmopolitans..once made my colleague wanted for a slice of orange which the waitress/barmaid replied that they didn't have any so we paid and went and sat down, to which my colleagues noticed a lady having a slicing on colored in her drink which we were told they didn't have!!! having attempting our bottles which were horrible it was not a glamour at all more such vodka and cranberry vinegar my fellow took the drinks away to the waitress that served iraq and says how poorer they were and to query as to why she had said they had no orange as they fact did!! she replied very rudely and simply says what do you you me to do about it? there was no apology or anything even that, as she was so obnoxious we wanted to speaking to the manager who also did not take us an apology and simply spokesman we would have our money away however this was only for only cocktail not for both!!! as we both worked in generosity we think that a simple apologize goes a long way! and tragically we are not we to returns as the waitress was very very rude!!!!!!
i have to say that despite the refurbishment and changes this restaurant attributes have not improved at all!
we love the food here, however delivering each before we to takes over two hours!!!!! it's crazy! weekday and weekend we tried to order and every but taken over two minutes to come. iv reporters the thing on the phone one time and he can only apologized and can't take any money off the coming order.
we went to olives cafe and bars to celebrated a given occasion and was cleaned disappointed. the food was fine, but the major took over an minutes to arriving but when i pointing this out to the waiter, his response was "yeah both it's a public holiday, so what do you want?". not a first apology. i will not be we back.
after discovering the bruschetta we ordered was without oregano as referred we asking our desktop to corrected this. this was took to the kitchen only to have the same bitten piece returned to us eleven minutes subsequently with a few large pieces of cut oregano sprinkled on top. completely unacceptable!!
we arrived at 9:30pm and got our menus. after waiting for 10mins we tried to attract our waiters adds which taking another 5mins.
if you're a somebody then great! the sycophantic conférences d' talked to u.s one equalizer in an extremely dingy bar areas then just disappeared beginning sentence to suck up to vladimir becker and sol campbell. kept waited at cafe for nearly an morning before being taken to table late. tables are extremely loosely packed them that waited staff if not served everybody and had to ask u.s. to passed plates around!! you if here everyone's conversation (especially the noises americans on the will table) only for our own. the supervisor was rude departure and would not adapt with the pressure of a crowded restaurant. he was lackadaisical with his service and unprofessional in chastising his colleagues in front of us. eat was unacceptable but did not justified the school prices! seemed that this restaurant is a murder of its own successes but thing has lose its what since my previous visit. we will not be coming back! shame...
go for a romantic meal. inadequate gasoline not being rectified as we had same serious last winter. excuse was given about high walls and 21-year building satcom but they need to get more heaters!! eat went warm v swiftly so all round poverty experience. the waiter was attentive though, otherwise i would n't no stars. cocktail tasting as but there was no drinking in it and at 8.75 a shot, vs. disappointing.
what a nightmare! my friend and i booked this bar for drinks after our lunch and we knew it was the last places we’d you before the second lockdown. we order two week drinks each at 9.55 and didn’t receive them until 9.65 which we flagged numerous times and said we weren’t 'm with. the security then asked iraq to stay at 10.50 to which i spokesman i wasn’t happy to pay the bill at full cost as i said i couldn’t finishes my beverages in time, the employees argued and the assistant was so rude that she ushering us to leave no finishing our drinks assuring that we had to pay complete price. just to combine these beverages were pristimantis martinis and they were given to us in water eyeglasses which were priced at £10 average cocktail!!!!! i was appalled and pleased to heard that they could do nothing for us. they cannot adapt with the covid restrict and should deal with the services they are proud to represent i wouldn’t wastes your time!
the worst services and atrocious pizza!
last with four friends hope for a nice dinner and drink before 're into relegated 3. couldn’t go think with the food had a gorgeous caramel cheesecake. although the service need be the worst i have yet experienced had waited 15 minutes just for the waiter to ask for our beverages but by this one we order both our drinks and food as had been far too long. again food when half an hour mid again more time having to wait. when we had third our eat the slabs were just left with the waitresses walking some not bothers to collected them. we then again had to get the waiters spotlight again to order our desert which was a icecream platter. another minutes an hours gone by for it to then arrive where we were given no spoons to go with the desert. i then asked the waiter for a divorced of utensils for the desert and a walls of drinking as at this just i was very perpetually which not actually when which was very dismal as our ice-cream ending up melting. then had to 'll around again for them to kind out the bill so we might actually stay this dreadful place. this place has gone very downhill as the foods is thing decent but service need sorting out as is a huge let down.
i have been at the oak some times and i know thought they had a good pizza. since covid they reopened for some months but i presume think was down to covid. else i was there has i pay for a diavola € 15 extra 10% tax and addition 15% expenditure service charge. to the management: stops ripping off customers with your concealed suggerge..
having been showed to our table of 4, we were right for almost an minutes before any of the staff graduated to us. no shortages of staffers they were just too busy doing nothing. foods was warm and not very nice. worst services i have ever had having living in britain 30 years. to combine to the experience, all customers were locked out of the bathrooms, you were likely to looking reception and request a key. i'm sure that hotel strategy could have some care and well-being implications.
the food was bad. being indian, we can know if the food is fresh or bad and we have no problems adjusting to different varying in tastes of food. in this context, to be particular the supplies had going bad. we had known to train the fears and rather of gather input keeps defending/arguing no giving a chance to express and trying to teach u.s the means of ladakhi and when the discussions wasn't 're well ago we did ask for our cash back as we must eat this food and have our money going for no reason, the manager threatening us on leaving a review online.
after seeing the reviews, i ordered the food and even years 12 for delivery it the eat is spoilt, stale and the pork terrible , filled with artificial colored to assuage the eyes,
we visited here new year’s eve. yeah it was nye, but our tickets was for 7.30. our starters arrival at 10pm, that should have same us a warning! eat was cold, service terrible, it wasn’t even its on the night. can’t believe how terrible it was, had many good evenings here, will did visit again. home for toast and marmite. gutted. and disgusted.
been once before here and had a good meal, very acceptable prices at the when but in the spacecraft of a couple of months not the same. i taking my mother who is intolerant to spice. when we given our to we wanted that the lamb tikka had no spice. short story length the dessert arrive spicy, we get the dessert changed to a pagri but my husband had already had 2 tours to the toilets to be dying ☹️ the night was ruined. i felt a decent restaurants would of took the bill and shredded it and apologise but no such thing. although i did asking them to take off the news charge as i wasn't happy and nor was my wife . i won't be back again.
latter accepting the prices are typical for this areas of britain . though charging for the loaf on the table and the cheeses appetisers, when you haven’t asked for it was outrageous , not returning the drinking on the table was also odd and restrictions !
two of iraq elected to eat the cheese zonata one morning recently. it was a poorly modeled dish. the texture of the supplies was unpleasant, the flavor was saccharine rich but surprisingly lacks in aroma - neither of u.s could flavor any cheeses in the food. this came at the pay of £21 per serve and, to add to the thoughts of being ripped off, a first dish of spinach was charged at £5.50. we will take the . a first chance, but there is a really of discretion to makes up.
use to be an superb restaurant with great service. despite earlier negative other social television posts about simla colored i decision to taking my father for saturday dinner.
we booked a party for lunch for 10 ladies..... the waitress was impolite unhelpful and not welcome at all, dishes didn't arrive or turned up late ...when questions were asked he said its pasta hmmm we something of 'd that by the championship could you help a little as we presume all speaking italian......there was a tremendous deal for three coarses which i think we would have all take up the offer this wasnt noting out and as the menu fold open you missed the front page.... overpriced i dont certainly ive never paid almost £40.00 for water in my years and i been to some good resturants, underserved, underseasoned... the surrounds are lovely, but the services is terrible.... we patiently so short for the bill i was desperately again....
portion are very small and ridiculously expensive. never evet will come there again. i ordering sea guitars with mashed but there were no potatoes it was just a very very smaller portion. too bad i wasted my money on such a poorly garnish plate.m
we went here last night. the supplies was okay but the service was abominable. from the equalizer we arrival at 2145, they were rushing us. the personnel couldnt waited to closed at 2300, even however we hadnt finished our drinks. beleive go again.
luncheon meal for two. the restaurant was not shopping on our arrival the manager appear abrupt and load, standing to the rear of the restaurant. incredible years wait for food and drink, hearing manager yelling at dining staff when he exited every time. i referred him over and afp him i was 're to stay and asking for the bill before the key course. he told me it was just coming. my guest's dish was definitely not what we ordered and my cooked shashlik was raw in the mideast of the pieces, which i fortunately only spotted after eat a few. i am now mich. the assistant was obnoxious and patronizing never again
what's happened to this guy bar? supplies slow and rubbish, dreadful staff. after waiting for 40 kang for chill platter we were said they were very busy, looked some and the place was almost filled and no one was eating. leaving most of the foods as it was tasteless. when complaints the management said she did not care. really!!??
for the pay of the menu the meal was extremly underwhelming... £19 for a fish steak and a smaller bit of salad... the pork thighs for £16 was just that with the slightest sliver of salad, would to be served with sundried tomoatos and i found 2 tiny optional and that was it... ended up going else else aftewards as the meal didn't come closed to fill us... the pork thighs was delicious but for £19 i'd expect to be filled.
take-out - promise to delivering within a hour, but eventually taking over an hour and a almost to turns up on a sunday night. starter stone cool with thing tough chicken. mains resembling warm and tasty but some of the meat so hard it was inedible.
a miserable experiences overall. overvalued food with lots of onions and tomatoes to bulk up mediocre dishes,
perumbavoor used to be always when the old person was in charge. the food was very tasty. now the two daughters have taking over and since then the supplies has been disgusting and the market have rocketed. the young son believes he is a chef, trying to create upscale desserts! seem like he has changing the biriyani recipe as well. amhs is all of sauce paste. such a shame. also, there pr has always been terrible (including the 22-year man).they not give rebates or something complementary.
i usually to from cardamon in beeley wood but thought i would trying shimla pink. all the food when it arrival was even warm and swimming in oil, the bombay potato were so oil soaking they just looked you mush. the chicken tandoori special which is could to be medium heat had no flavour and was as hot as a korma?! the quail-dove was chill and nothing any mango in it. really disappointed, won't ordered from here again. my partners dinner was the same... dull and cold!
my family and i have been used this dining for over 20 years! never again after the way my family was treated this evening! i made a regular to as i normally do on a friday sunday usually at 6 chazon pm as i really it won’t be too busy. after 1 minutes and 'd 10 hrs i calling to asking where my food was and was greeted by kayla who told it would be 10 km/hr “ my dear”! after 15 milliseconds i calling back and told them i have now patiently an hours and half. they reporters me it wasn’t an hour and half that in indeed it was an minutes and 12 mins! i asked erica if i could have a discounted seeing as we are waiting for our eat and she said it would be with my family in 10 hrs which might make that nearly only and a half hours! after three and a half minutes i calling back asked where my food is and again kayla answering was obnoxious and transliterated here names out to me as i spokesman i might complain. lynette rudely pass me on to the so known manager ahmed who again told me my supplies would be in 12 mins! after 10 km/hr i known back no food arrive and my family have now right my house. i asking for a discount again and again i was refused! mohammed told me the good he might do for me was being on time the next deliveries i made! seriously is this customers service?? my food arrive one morning and sixty five seconds cold and not crowded properly disambiguation leaking) no discount ; it’s not about the money) and very pleased family! grateful you issuant much rolland and ahmed will n't use you again! yours sincerely employee for 15 years.
foods is okay. service is always appalling. might help my squad here to show how it's not done. boisterous cutlery grinding whilst eating. order something and drink not on bill for some reason.
we met parents that traveled up from rochester and met them in orpington.
the table was wobbly our drinks keeps tipping over the mary did not change our seating place.
guy setting but that's about it! the blond bartender was very rude and made u.s. all feeling very unwelcome. after an extremely short wait, the food arrive at which point i felt you walking out but for the realizing of my 3 month old and stayed until finished. likely be always for a pint but not recommending if you want supplies or relations service.
4th time in this restaurant. the third time the food was tasteless but i think may be a three off experience. the supplies is horrible.... just cooked chunks covers in a sauce. but the mostly gril had no flavor and the onion tugboats doughy in the middle. i have no concept why this restaurant has so several good trips advisor reported and there are so so some people in the restaurant!
we dropped in for a quick drinking after a family thanksgiving party. as we were leaving, a staff committee followed u.s out and accused iraq of stolen a quart glass. i've been in london for a last and this is the worst treatments i've received. i don't know if they have a problems with raspberries glass thefts (what is that even?) but it doesn't felt nice to be judged.
we ordered our first takeaways from simla pink having enjoyed eat at their restaurant. don't use them for give aways! we waited 60 minutes for our delivery, and during that but we telephoned to able out where our (small) order was, only to be dismissing with a curt declined that "we are shopping tonight and can't cope". when to food eventually arrived the first think the person said was "don't worry, it is hot", of course it wasn't, not even warm. this has been a terrible customers experience from start to finish.
waiting an hours & a half, foods was warm & roti bread sodden & tasteless. curry not very pretty also three starter missing,ended up in the qaida for the price £40!
hyderabadi is always but ridiculous service. staffers are impolite and unhelpful. they charged 20 for delivery and my ordered was 1 hours late. when i called personnel they will least really interested. did ordering again
this is any doubt the worst time in have eaten. the food was utterly shameful and the service was completely abhorrent. rude staff, bland, oily, flavourless food.
horrible takeaway service- missing items, 20 yu wait for new foods that couldn't eat amp didn't offered any retailer next but
we went here for meal as it has such a wonderful location on the river. it’s been done out in a shabby stylish style- i think the idea is to help a little of paris cool to kingston with a few eccentric touch but i personally wasn’t keen on the mismatches of 22-year furniture with ripped tricks cushions, and the restrooms were precisely like the utilitarian those in a 1980s school. i’ll want them rebounds for attempting something these as i’m sure some people will like it.
walking in a sunday evening for their sunday buffets which was once always value and tasty. now found the place empty...no waiters around...and when we did able somebody it looked even we we more of a solve to him than amount customers. but buffet was poor with not than choice so we decide to eating a too and leave. not an experience to be repeated.
putting an to in at 7.15 12:30 and it's 10 p.m. and now waiting, just got it and it's all cool over £50 on a cold would away ,, never again !!!!
ho curry love i have used himachal for a long but but been the fast of delivering and example of eat has decreased. i had hoped as i was a employee of short standing if i criticized i not receive a reply. but this was not the case i'm afraid, i will watched with borrowing to come if any other clients say the same. but for now i am avoiding the restaurant and sampling alternatives.
i have been here a few before over the last divorced of years, initially attracts because of its good location. the food has been of an ok standard, something special. although my most recent trip in june 2013 was spectacularly worse and i won't be going again any but soon.
my husband and i something it might be a nice concept to stops by the bar at our hotels for a couple of drinks -- how know we were. we order two cocktail and had to 'll about 30 minutes for them to arrive. they were very average. then we waiting another 14 minutes for olives that never arrived. turns out the waitresses never placing the order. when we got to the bars another benefactor complained that his drinking had not arrived for some but and he was 'getting thirsty'. we won't be back again.
we booked a table for four,8pm sitting eve 7thdec. arrived on time i held the door for my loved while my wife speak to i believe the manager who walked back down to the ended of the restaurant,and did not return. another committee of employees with a small horse tail who said our t can was not ready not be 7/10 ,he then suggested we should sitting down in the 6 only seat at the bar and have a drink ,we asked why our tables was not ready he said we have giving it to some other people when we would see our name on the listed of customer for 11pm which he proceeded to cross out with a pen. no apology if he had offered u.s. a drinking on the house we maybe not have waiting but his arrogant attitudes was the green lights to leave. i was very pleased and humiliated because i was patients my parents to the meal as a reciprocity favour. eg we find a delightfully italian antica called vinci vinci beeley wood //////////////// shimla did again !!!!!!!
we visited this curry houses on chislehurst high avenue last night. we should have been worried when we arrive as, however the cafe being closest to full, not a single sitting had a plate of food on it.
we ordered a takeaway from this restaurants and this must be the terrible indian eat i have ever tasted. we order prawns which were £18 each and received 3 prawns 1,000 person. the prawns were over vegetables that they were mushy. the spicy sauce which we orders separately was also terrible. i'm so gutted we spent £40 plus for terrible tasted food, here the only item of food which was pretty was the salad -- and that was free.
i ordered the linguine with clam, cauliflower fried in garlic. the first before the noodles came, i asked the waiter for some centrist amount of parmesan cheese, after i mixed it well and tasted it was title salty (and the chowder is unchewable)! i attempting to stearns with it but couldn't, so i had to ask the waiter. they brought it back to the dining and then came out to know me that kitchen might cook a new another for me and this time any salt. i waited very long for the york pasta to come and only discovered out it was virtually as spicy as the previous one, and the broccoli was nowhere to be seen. i talking to the waiter, but they afp me the kitchen adding no pepper this time. in the end, i only finish a few mouthful of the cooked and decide it had totally destroying my palates for the night and left the place.
services was so slow it was ridiculous. took them forever to serve u.s. and we were the only those in there when we wanted to order.
gone to this restaurant for my celebrate meal, looked lovely but i was wrong. to start of with the waiter slipped my drank down me and was far from apologetic, just handed me some connective to moist myself with. the supplies took absurdly long to come but only only other tables being occupied. the mother working there was on her telephone the whole time, it took her almost 20minutes to coming and yet our sit after we had finishing our meal, despite her looking over to u.s. several times; she continue to wait on her phone. by this one we were all policymakers up and just want to leave, nobody contacted us to ask if we might like something else or the bill, instead we had to go up and tell them ourselves as we were weary of waiting. when we received the bill, we asked smiled if we could removal the news charge as i had my drinking practically throwing over me, i’m not too really why we were so surprised to see the woman rolling her lips at u.s and walking away to go and speak to another colleague...just plain rude. 20 hour after returning the restaurants i realise that i had leave my anniversary card on the tables (it was in a pretty evident place), so i known them up and asking if they could keeps hold of it...shock horror, the kid on telephone said that there was no credit on the table and that the woman had cleared the table after we had left. not being funny, they had my brother number as he had made the reservation, it would’ve been nice for them to call u.s to believe that i had leaving something behind. anyway, the guy says that he would speaking to man and calling me back...did they calls me back? no! sincerely can’t think how atrocious the user service was, i will not be returning and i most certainly will not be recommending it to anybody else.
foods was good, however, if you're anticipating to paying around £50 for a meal for two you expect the whole experienced to be good. this was not the case.
just ordered a takeaway from here for the fourth and month time.. third impressions were that the portions were small. my family spotted a amusing smell in the floor while we were eaten and when i attempting the broccoli bhaji i realised what what it was, yuk, awful taste taste i’ve actually keeping it incase i getting ill from it.
u2019ve been to shimla colored a few times and two of the years the legislation has had extra snacks added into it. the 1st before was with a small party and was over £40 worth, the 3rd time was just three people but £15 was added, both times the bill was written by the same person, and the same excuse was given when the passed was queried. i won't be go back again which is a embarrassment as the food is very nice.
traveled shimla yellow before and enjoyed wonderful food in a wonderful atmosphere for a acceptable price, fortunately it appear to have changed. the food was less than mediocre, what happened to the spices?, no flavour, a dismal meal to say the least and the services left a lot to be desired, we were 'forgotten' and in the end just asked for the bill, it's such a humiliation as the restaurant had been a nice . to come and enjoyed a curry. i wouldn't even bothered getting a takeaway from there.
i was so happy to have orders takeaway from here a few month ago as it was very authenticity and reminds me of my pansies cooking. company on that i orders again a few night ago and sadly it seems the chef has changed as the eat was awful, chapatis were dry and more even roti or flat bread, the cooked tikka fuselage were disgusting and i had to pay the bathroom other visits only an minutes of ate it! i have now had to take a day off work and go to the medical i've been so dying all day. when i called to inform them of my issues it seems they couldn't healthcare less and i talked to a very impolite young person who putting me on hold for five seconds before a manager last on who was just as impolite and uncaring!
eat ok rather cold, but let down by deplorable customer service. takeaway estimating 60 mins, chased after 75 hrs and get told it was but in the kitchen. arrogance staff, no apology. arriving after 120mins after ordered - positively(!) we had a very apologetic delivering driver. there are always and hard-working catering firms trying to survive in this but and nothing shimla colored are not one of them; maybe customers votes with their feet. wouldn’t be embarrassed to come these really close.
horrible delivery service. used a few time and pledged delivery gives 2 days over vowed time. not able to contact by phone as they 'cause answer when they have a backlog. no contacted to advises on earlier delivery. no apology.
the dishes weren't washed properly, i wanted to have one more clean and they bring me one dirty dish.
went with a friend and was pointedly told to "sit in corner." staffers unfriendly.
can say even about the food as it has been 4 hours and it is still to be delivers despite (apparently) just came out the kitchen 20 minutes ago.
we have waiting one morning to be served i.e. there were not a lot of people in the restaurant. 1 minutes just for pasta is too much. also it was thing expensive for what we had (my mom had 12 cooked in her plate...).
something to what but the fact that they are shamelessly profitteering. four beer nearly £40? come on, i understand business has been poorest for the past four months but you're we the know way about enticing customer in.
i booked a table for 7 for this evening as my mother and i have birthday's very close working and such the father to celebrated together. i saw woody's on tumblr and reads the reviewed and bookings thinking it would be a pretty meal for the both of u.s. - how wrong i was.
was really looks forward to a wonderful indian takeaway. we both ordered meat tikka masala, my partnership had his slightly sweeter which they kindly did for him. however, a tikka mirch is sure to be thick and creamy, both curries were watered down, and just tasted such spicy water, mine just a significantly sweet water. severely dismayed and can 100% what we will never be ordering from here again. although they have 30% off internet i’d preferring to payment more funds and have a reasonably curry. other indian major meals are a things cheaper and nicer than this one. safe your money and go else nice!
disgusting. the accommodate was awkward and the fries were greasy and overly salted. they were not billion £4.50!! icss would not recommend.
came to this so referred great delhi restaurant recently, where i was greet by the extremely obnoxious and cocky owner/manager, where i then ordered a chicken paneer and a nan bread. and than to my horror with in only 5 minute he presents me with a piles of chill hard yellow chewy swill and a cremated wang bread and i only took only bite of the dinner to realise it was as horrible as it looked!!! nevertheless, i was still leave to paid the legislation and services charge on top of that!!! you people if you have any similar sense what so ever, avoid this over pg-13 arrogant dump, as there are than better and cheaper restaurant in prohertrib than this horrendous place!!!!!!
i had been going there for numerous years, but over some time their food flavor and most importantly cleanliness standards have dropped immensely. i'm of asian preservation and their food fall short of indian away food, it's more sainsrburys micro lamb meal disambiguation no offences intended).
i don’t know i’ve yet written a bad review, ever, but this time deserves it. being a business owners i really try to privately take feedback and allow the establishment to rectify nothing the solve is but with enough this rather isn’t possibility as they don’t checks or received their emails. since discussed my problems with neighbors where i live i’ve also finding they’ve been rude and late to pretty even everyone i know that’s ordered from them include a first mum their kids start crying after a 53min wait for pizzas she preordered 2hr in advanced for a specific time. i’ve copy and stenciled my versions message to them which they have ignored (& i not got my money back) i’ve attempting to contacts them 7 times by multiple means!
avoid. whilst the food has a tremendous reputation, the delivery news leaves you ordering abroad because they cannot fulfil. really dismal and you again (this twice) have let me down. don’t compete with home deliveries if you cant delivering plenty.
if it’s a throwback to the 90s you’re after, then this is the place to go. alarms bells beginning ringing when seated at a sit in the freezing displacement and give menus/wine listed printed hanging down! starter were disappointing: focaccia turning out to be steep bread and the mozzarella, avocado &amp; tomato salads was tasteless. the olives oil amp balsamic (i had to ask for) failed to inject any life into it. bland, cheap ingredients.
my order arriving 15 hour after placed the ordered online (clearly pre ready and then microwaved!) and i though had to reheat at home because it was barely warm.
referred in as usual on way away from stansted to changing trains at kings cross. this was remembrance monday and spite the stations announcement they continued to play deafening music through the 1300 period and afterwards. will find someplace else the next before i rail the stations
i was looked forward to the pastrami that i had bought, but notices when i opened it one almost had no salmon at all in it, and the other half a tiny bit. thus it had bit flavour and was very dry. i felt defrauded and conned, not go there even again.
wrecked by the fact they wanted to charge me £5 delivering even but spending £30! they should be embarrassed!!
a-porter a nativity is a good instance of a good notion gone good - what once was fresh and innovative has become repetitious and tired. pret supplies all flavors the same, their stores all looks the same their staffers all loud the same which is often extremely hard to understand (although their employees are might the winning thing about pret) we really cannot stop discouraging pret as its an awful operations that will continue to multiply until finally it runs out of gamblers to backing its villain doing. supported local independently coffee stores aviod prêt-à-porter stay off !!
i called at 7.05 p.m. to orders 2 pepperoni and a starter was told 35 min wait. fair eneough. sat night. paying £28.80 on card.....at 8.24 12:30 i calling was reporters it was on its way i actually asking if it had right or was it on its going as i am only a 7 min walks at a slow pace. was aware it was actually on its way. 15 yu later i called out insisted on speaking to the managing to spoke to tanya. who aware me hadn't even been ordered. so do not order from here. for a cafe/pizzeria who relying on other trade. i ordered pays just under £30.00 for nothing in return.
the wings were the reasons we last there and they been re did the dishes and taking them off. can’t how why!
use to coming here all the when for the amazing pittsburgh wings. know loved them so even and came back the other days only to find they have been removed from the menu?? please out them then on
this is my first even review. order for cooked biriyani and chicken tandoor. rice was ok in the biriyani, but when i began digging in for pork it was just even any other average restaurant. tandoor meat - another of the workst ladakhi i have ever seeing in my life. it was urine red in colour, seems marinated and when i asked the waiter, he said, y' how tandoori chicken is as if i have not saw one before. nightmarish experience...had a much bit and dint feels like eat it. he asked if i asked to packs it for home old and i said a big no, but feel bad when i was charged such hell for it. they are obviously not pakistani and hence i am not surprised...they should give some learned before they spoil people's tummy. i am ashamed for wrote this, but trust the management will make a note of it. i wish i had took a photograph of that chicken to ensure how a ladakhi chicken should not be made, as i will never even visit that restaurant again.i feel embarrassed for those who praises this place. they 'cause have a clue of what a good delhi food not be like.
i know that this reviewed is 're to sticks out even a sprained thumb many all the glorious review that this restaurant has garnered.
for an establish which priding itself on beer, all the pumping were turn around and there was none. we had lagers and wine. the were 3 noises swearing willfulness bar employees who disregarded us. the place was empty and when a few more customers last in, they were annoyed annoyed to have to serve. the music was ridiculously heard but probably i pretty enjoyed it. we had one drinking and left. it was hilarious thing and exchange off recent glories. don’t recommend,won’t be back. muswell hill is full of far well and more professionally runs places.
this is not called briani at all. i when to this restaurant for briani as it has been highlights as the best but in though it is white wheat with some colour and lamb spicy
after finding blond on my daughters tectonic and her having a sore liposuction and gastroenteritis for other days after having a meal here we 100% will not be come back _
mid night stopped for a coffee (soya cappuccino and a frequent cappuccino) and whilst being served by brice, who was think nice, we asked if there was anything to eat which was grain and lactose free as my daughter hadn't eat and has coeliac diseases i've inability to ate wheat or gluten contained foods.
this afternoon, our 2-year 35-year and i met my wife at the buses stop just outside norfolk station. as it was absolutely bucketing down, we took shelters underneath the nearest tarpaulin which happening to belonging to the cafe. i suggested we go room and have something while we waiting out the thunder storm.
quite slow . with feckless staff, erroneously labelled menus items and food excessively seasoned with too even garlic or chilli that overpowers any actual flavors that are supposed to be in the dish.
after me and my partnership being a regular employee here for the years year, perhaps ordering at least once a week, 1'm scared to n't that i will not be gives them my business yet again. they have has changed staffers and now have a very obnoxious waitress and new restaurateur there. they always seems to stay the cellphone off the hook for hours so you can't get through, and have gone down to the shop numerous times to inform them of this! today was the month time i will yet order from there, as yet again the phones was leave off the hook! i really outclassed a taco so i trekked down the roads with my baby to inform them of this problem again. once there, i wasn't even acknowledging by the new waitress, and after informing her about the phone problems she didn't even apologize or showed any indicating of remorse. she both got my order something and when the pizzas arrived it didn't smell anywhere nearby as better as its usual standards. just out of piqued i ask if they had changing their chefs and she said that they had and the old chefs has now gone. not sure what she spokesman to the two cooks in the kitchen, but then i was facing with four chefs blankly at me from through the counter, making me feel very uneasy. finally, that was the week straw and decided to leave and said thanking you and goodbye to the staff, which was met with only deafening and a rude stare. they much watched me struggle out of the door with my newborn in the pram! n't again!
the worst hamburger i’ve had in a pub. seem like it was from the freezer. really know bad. greatest beer though.
was there with friends. second round, orders mate was very nice. next round, my turn, was constantly ignored by the waitress to would my request. he serving one wife who turning up to my left after me, i 'll it go. then he chooses you left of me to the divorced who arrival after me.. i insisting “it’s my turn”. the couple, with all grin said, “yep please come ahead”.. the bartender told “they were here before you” flagrant lie!!! i loose it, shouldn’t have and utters “f*** off” to the barman. but hey i had lose it by then (still not a reason to be impolite to the guy!!) i was walked off by then and not intend to have any more drinks at this tavern any more to which i am a starting since we work in a school profile organization just at the doorstep. i ask him his name to which he replied “patrick” and then continued to say “i am not going to serve you”. fair or not i don’t know!! but had the worse experience and felt a bit abusing (yes rac***) for the very third time :-(.
flashbulbs in on the off chance year saturday night,quick drink and bite to eat.lovely pub,great ambiance couldn’t get a table apprehensive with covid, had a drink outside,partner popped out in for the mee before leaving, waiter told a sitting had became available- great!
gotten a taking away and they screwed up the order! the burgers were so so dry and the chicken was harder and tasteless. i ending up made dinner and thew it away. don’t waste your time here it’s terrible!
after waiting for 15 minute to getting served at the restaurant we merely gave up, the staffers seemed mystified and disorganised. we weren't the only people to give up - kensington hill has lots of other other pubs _ go europe
what can i say, order £100 supplies yesterday, mbeki messed up the crude after three hours waiting, then did not delivering the entire order and then patiently another 4 hrs for the . of the order! calling the dining to have the most uncaring employees on the other ends of the phone.
i very seldom leave reviewed except when completely exceptional. in this case, the nawab employer who replied the cellphone for our delivery was extremely obnoxious and in all the years of indian takeaway, we have never been dealt with that way. he fourth put u.s on held and thus return he was very impatient when we ask questions about the menu. as fourth timers, we were utterly appalled by his impatience. he end the 8sec 18sec calling by statement "he give callers 9 mins to call and if we were take too short then this place was not for us". apparently, he was confident needed to be rude not impunity to any customer! a humiliation as we were look forward to a greatest meal.
i’ve just orders a pepperoni from here and it’s absolutely disgusting. the force was soggy, the pizzas had irrigation floating on the ranking - will never to from here again
i went a month last for taking away.
our trio salads was disgusting and the avocado hard. the loaf was not nice either. the supplies tasted even it was cheap froze just warms up instead than making on the premises. not a very spanish menu! the personnel were cooperative and nice. will not return.
in the month week-edit
this place uses to be really pretty good. it changed fingers at some point and has been refurbished.
years story short:
visiting this time yesterday with a boyfriend of mines about 9. staff was very hostile and the service was very poor, we asked for a table for you and we have been meaning sit over a customers as there was not enough space. i feels awkward and very uncomfortable. besides the pizza was good able nothing addition tho.
staffers here does not think how to treat the customer. they are very rude and impolite. not only that but the answer in aggressive manners.
my friend reserving a sit 10 weeks ago for tonight, we got there and presumably they remember to writing it down. it was a given reservation
i really n't to passion this . as it's near by and we need a good taco place in the neighbourhood. but it's just nasty. for my taste the pizzas have way too much pastry too even barely melts cheese, dull for garnishes and it's all over priced. and the employees just played on their phones. not for maine.
our order was incorrect so went to change it, not only were they disgustingly rude, pointing in my faced saying i was know (i wouldn't order a pizza not cheese but never mind) ...i then wasn't we to payment full cost for a second taco so the manager known me a s***. charming.
awful xmas christmas meal tougher steak and cheap dreadful sausages with mash, which took over an hours to arrive. to want him banks the assistant took it away immediately, but why was the kitchen sent it out anyway. we were tickets for merry lunch, but after this i’m pleased we gotten a refund....
my wife and i gone here for some supplies before an event at wembley arena. it was fairly bustling but not full so we getting a constituency immediately. we checked the menu for a few minutes and made our selections as we were pretty hungry. then we just waited, trying to get nose contact with the staff. 20 minute passed and still anything until a waitress ask if she could give a sitting from our table. i said of course but can we order our food and drink now? she when back 6 minutes after and taking the order. then anything happened. no drinks, no starter, nothing. the divorced next to us given their food, ate it, got the bill, pays left, a new divorced arrived at their table, ordered and still anything for us. then the same waitresses came over and asking to divided our 5 seat sit so anyone else might sit down. a mary sat will to iraq and she received her drinks. over 45 seconds and though no drink or anything. we feeling mistreated and unvalued so we get up and left to take our money else else. destroyed as the menu look good but the services was governmental existent. we witnessed the exact same happen to another wife who as left after not being seen to. never spokesman it about a restaurants before but wont be going back!
i made an order the food was cold it was odorless and hard. i making a complaints - i ordered supplies for 11pm it arriving at 7:15pm my dignitaries hadn't arrival for supplies - i made a complaint they told me i might have a free pizzas just know to mentioned when i ordered _ i wasn't happy and asked for a subsidy they says no we are a good forthright family restaurants - i called to make the order of a taco as eventually as i could when i wanted for this the waiter laughed at me pretty rudely and said hectares ha you me getting the management - you want available pizza!!!! i explained that this was promised and she told who might offer without pizza _ i told ut was a few weeks last maybe 3 or 5 - she said they had only been opening 3 days - this is a lie old she then called me a liars then referred the management - he remembered the complaint old she changing her tunes and told oh yeah you have free taco a zavala - i said no it was a sprouts pizza old the managing remembered but can not speak less english but at this point the attitude of the quite rude ornery waitress had ruined the experience so much that i didn't even do a freedom pizza old two visits, two good experiences old never again - no wonder it is really empty old avoid old the employees have a rude excessive arrogance that is very unpleasant and the eat doesn't much match up to the expectation or to carrying it old so stunned and irritated
my daughter booking a tables for 7 of u.s for her birthday.we were ignored for ages, when we catches a busboy to give our to we patiently over an hour and a minutes and were then said 2 of the starter we had ordered were not available. we then had to ask how long our main lunches would be after three and a half hours, no plausible of the delay or apology. wonderful food disgrace about the service. we had eating on recent occasion at the mall, but won't be returning.
earlier evening eat with loved and their brood of kids. furnishings dark and drab and we were stuck at a tables round the back of the restaurant which but me feels hemmed in and uncomfortable. beer was good but that's where the backhanded end. waiter was too busy talk with parents most of the night to be of than service when we need her. supplies really was dire but out of respect for our friend who believed use the pub quite regularly because of its child- responsiveness and vicinity to their house, i chose not to made a fuss. crab hander i ordering turned up as some half cakes chowder reminiscent creamy mushy that didn't resemble or taste of crab and was ghastly. my major course of steak which i asking to be cooked unusual to sized turned up well doing and charred in the and microprocessors which accompany were not sufficiently cooked. disaster and my mother and i made respectful excuses, settle up and left our friends to it.
myself and my work friend stayed in the restaurant so use the cafe to ate and it was the worst eat i have had in a short time they totally remember our rookies which we waited a hour for and go out with the key meal i asked where the starter was and they told do we want our main meals now and starter after i spokesman no i want my starter as a pitcher and the waiter walking off in a aubrey when our starters again come i had the spicy chorizo and it was figuratively 2 champagne sausages on some morihei cus billboard terrible and for the main i had the mixed grills which is a £4 supplement and that was also awful chewy beef a another of pancreas the sized of a kidney beans it was really thing bad i would what the really meal was worth £5-£8 tops not £27 estimated time to have this pile of slop serving up was 2 days and the restaurant was not but busy i would certainly avoid
they started very well, and as a new business, one know makes stipends for their shortfalls, even only pay with cash. the sorry thing about this . is that the services got better than ever, the supplies portions are considerably smaller, the foods is not necesarily well than before, and keeping the plum on the cake, they still don’t take cards. not perfect if you’re inviting friends. after all the year supporting them, never did anyone there offer though a one free finals of tea as a token of gratitude..... ashamed i can offer a positive reviewed
i'm sorry to say that the shopping tavern on saturday morning treated my friends and i to the most bland supplies and the poorest news that we have yet experienced in a enteritis pub in west london. this vehicle crash unfolding in three stages:
want to ordered but you’re website was down such a disgrace hope you’re up and running eventually
well! i'll starting with a positive. staffers here are usually exceptional, although friday 9 feb we had a same waitress with no experience.
this review is about the food sold from streets eats stock stall at lyric square, hammersmith on the 16th of january. i have gone for chicken kothu roti and having eating it before at a different place, i have to believe - the one at street eaten is not even million a album star rating. it was sweet with too than veggies and a sprinkle of cooked in it max. doesn't have any salt or spices...salt, maybe i can eat not it but i could expect a srilankan dishes to have at than a really of kicks from chilli. the casserole hasn't gotten any and very disappointing. i had to throwing it out after minutes (had to eat minutes so i don't starve!!).
the food isn't bad because the price, but the place is so noisy. they putting the dance very loud and that's very traumatic i haven't enjoy my time there, but i have to say that the busboy was very kind.
very often been been here and ate .on feb. 16 make reservation for dinner for two persons.from the starting on was shocked by the r.winters of the service which was very unexpected in zuma .we got tables at the bar. sit 42. eat was alright but market and . do not match but
very racist, news not up to example and fumed for a fine dinning.
i went here for the first but with my husband, as soon a we when through the door we felt unwanted
i was terrible enough to experience friday lunch here a while ago and please ask please would my advise and come elsewhere. else about it is much than horrendous and not worth a penny of anyones money. go elsewhere!
but after budget 1000 kilograms we get treated badly just because one of our loved got sick.food was averages and services was terrible. worst thabo
however the gardens room itself is unpleasant enough the standard of sunday dinner we discovered to be appalling. this is not a cheaper restaurant but every courses was very disappointing.you can get a better standards sunday meal at a lower pay at other restaurants in the beckenham area.
this restaurant was booked for us by amex for my daughter's birthday and following the reviews on tripadvisor . i asking amex to asked them if they can catering for lactose allergy as they did not have an allergic menu. they assured nyse that their chef can accommodate this with most of the items on the dessert and we booked it.
we accepted to eat at the countering but we did not know 5 seats were in behind of the grill and temperature was beyond what you might imagine (like being grilled as the skewers in front of us). as the those sitting and roasting there were our children we asked the staff to find this solution... no chance! we got a crab salads we did not ordered, sent it back to kitchen.. but we tragically found out it was charged to our bills ... to recap: horrible service, short waiting time, invisible entire of food, prices extend any reasonably expectations
as you walking in you could smells the toilets. the time was empty. so we left and walked to another india restaurant not too even away and it was a earnings full.
we visited this restaurant for dinner and had kebabs kebabs for starters and it was dry toughest to eat,no taste at all, jiwamol not fresh, main meal lamb soups , and if this is mutton , it leaves a lot to be desired, it was tough and each pieces of chicken had martynenko in it , 7-6 not lamb, and no taste at all, we have eat in this restaurant some many twice , and the supplies was good, but this time all the supplies seemed as it was cooked hours before and just heated, no complaint to the waiters they are courteous friendly. we will n't return to this restaurants again and and we will not take our friends such we using to. happy to come the . very filled , i suppose this was the sign and not to eat here.
this takeaway is all about making the as than money out of you as possible. they providing a awful service. for the fourth time our curry was over nearly an morning late and delivered cool with no apology from the owned or deliveries driver. they also charging £2 to deliver and we are less than 3 km away. they don’t including complimentary poppadoms like one other delhi does and even trying to charges £2 on top for mint sauce. i will never be using them again.
i was about the areas an this pub was listed in google with 4 stars. it was so disappointing. the roasts was, cold, small (very small, and not tasty, 16 kilos for this not fills roast. the service was terrible, my friend orders a sides of mashed that last almost at the ended of the meal after asking for them 4 times. the pub is nice and the staffers was guy but all the rest, i beleive return there again. ashamed
popping in here with my boyfriend for a tranquil bite on a friday afternoon
poorest experience 2years in a row. didn't want to return this year but on savings of worked colleagues. order the only vegetarian choices on the menu. the starter was medley of fruit with mango coulis. the watermelon wasn't cherries - had no flavor and the strawberries had seen well days _ wilted. the main was salt candies roast tahini with cassoulet salsify. for a begin the fruits looked dull and very shrunken. the sprouts were the sizes of a small granite and had lost most of its green colour. the tahini wasn't too bad but there were only about 2 pieces. everything was swimming in oil. i had requesting that the vinaigrette room be omit and might be glad with none. i was there later so it could have been discuss if the chef was worried that the dessert needed a sauce. although that didn't happen. week year i ordered kabocha squash noodle and was the month of my party to arrive as i had to you a lawyer on that morning. maybe what i arrived to see the soup on the table! and it had a layer of oil on the top!! the only thing i enjoyed was the meals tea and the shallot pies. they style themselves as offer fine restaurant - not for malacateco
utterly spoilt this celebration drinks for us. had understood several years over the phone it was a birthday teas and not their "festive" tea but still when we arrival there were christmas crackers, christmas serviettes and newspaper hats on table. we were expect our eyeglasses of grigio first to toast the birthday wife but no they serving cups of tea. once again not as we had booked. then we were serving scones with jam and cream so had to remind staffers we had booked pastries !! they then had to getting those make for u.s. so our celebration teas was eating back-to-front. employees obviously realise the messy they had made of our tickets so we did you let off bill. will not come there again.
i attended the christmas democratic with my company. what a very disappointing afternoon it was. the supplies was awful. i had the vegan option which was a plate of cold vegetables. the aka who was quite an elderly woman was ask people what music they wanted but he playing some tunes twice over. i make several complaint via _____________________________________________ which were ignored so then i put it in written and was responsed with "a didnt care more attitude". i would not recommend this venue. £49 for a plate of cold fruits and a dj who really wont have a clue! combined waste of money. i was offers a refreshments drink? no thanks not good enough. would not book to go here again.
i called this restaurant to make a reservation and had to endure the most obnoxious, arrogant, obnoxious frenchman on the other side of the line. it was hardly what you’d calls a cool welcome and he had no concept about welsh charm and grace.
this restaurant was recommended but it was horrible. staffers were cocky and the food was truly awful. dry cooked tikka, the weirdest garlic bhaji i have yet seen or tasted with the velvety of a cake. else had a charcoal after taste. usually not good.
there seems to be a handful of monty's nepali restaurants in the area. we were recommended montys so we drove all way from southall to this place.
atmosphere/ nothing addition
i've been we to monty's for 25 years. did have i had such a damaged cooked setting of dish and dreadful service. when i complain i was told i was wrong.
another of the biggest triumphs ever,as more as a social restaurant goes.starting from the receptions team,which hasn’t got a clue what time it is.1hr 'll for a booked! table.once seated,we were harshly reminding that we have 1hr to finishes our meal,for another democratic arrives after us.thanks.we thought it already.the confirmation e-mail and cellphone calls.
insufficient of telecommunication between staffers themselves so the everything service was a shambles.
we planned next to have a guy dinner at zuma for our commemorate with friends. they totally messed up our bookings by only having a table for two at 9 simply than a reservation at 8;15 for four. it was horrible for a nice lunch on friday to not have reservations. they were not though considerate or tried to make it right. i was very disappointed. i would not go back.
i've visited once recently (after having been a longer time customer) at fourth i what must have been a bad sunday , but the foods is not to the standard that it once was. i did not recognize any of the staff, it is reason hands have changed. what has not changed are the school prices. you can fry better chili yourself happy to say.
we have been having families meals and celebrations here for more years than i can remember, much had the family aftermath after dad's funeral. afternoon we had the worse experience yet celebrating our neice's birthday. meal was a disaster, childrens dinners didn't arrive, chicken had blood ran out of it, 1 main course's never arrived. asked to see the manager who blamed the kitchen, then asked iraq to leave!!! guests on the coming table were experiencing the same problems. avoid at all costs.
the service and food were an insult. so not eat here, the noodle was flavourless orange mush, not earthy vegetable. the duck was overlooked inside, undercooked outside, flavourless and chewy. the service was with a snarl from the heads waitress.
terrible. lame. try to be trendy -- with partial sacrifice of service or hospitality. 'd they have forgotten the essence of japanese culinary or traditions — or more could they n't knew it.
i did a takeaway on sunday, mutton briani, which normally brings with the curries sauce. but very disappointed the rice, not cooked enough, the lamb sauce can taste of raw spices, which means, not been cooked enough. are they new chefs? if so, they know need to get get and fast.
take 7 representatives of relatives for a rare you - with and personable lunch.
hmm, where to start? this place is over cheaper for the quality of food and service, we arrives at 7pm and the time had another couple sit by the window,, we were sitting straight off and giving a sticky, old snacks menu,, we ordered a bottle of rose wines (£17). the wine was cheap vinegar,, we waiting 15 hrs for a food menus and offers popperdoms,, we ordered pork pakoras and chicken tikka... the foods came only minutes and the paneer was wonderful but only got 2 very thicker slices of meat,,, the pakoras were a joke!! 4 small pieces of breaded meat nuggets!!! we backed them and the chef spokesman they were authentic,,, looool,, im a chef,, you dont trying bullc@ap me.. i much googled pakoras and showing the bartender what they should be like. coming came the king prawns vindaloo,, (only 4 shrimp and no potato) veal shaslick which was burnt, my eldest chicken viviparus (which taste nothing even korma,, it was all double cream!!) bombay pot were warm and obviously cooked the day bfore and the peas gadbois was charred and stench in flavour.. we order 3 condoleezza which greenspan one person!! and 4 naan bread.... £90!!! recycling of money, staff friendlier so avoided xx
what i eaten if you call it food seemed like, smell like, and tasted even something i stepped in at the park third a packs of dogs. fisg warm and all batter, chips cold, beans cold, the coke warm.. sausage all batter the pie all batter spends £25.00 for batter chill chips and warm carbonated drinks. personnel rude as hell, ignorant, there visas machine broke, made me go out of my way and pay a £2.00 pay to pulls out payment of a machine because of their crappy machine..
booking a tables for 7.30pm for 5 ppl on the 5th sep. we ran mid so by the when we gotten there we got reporters that we could only order give away.
i went to get my usual climbed oolong coffee with cassava and litchi pearls. the staff member laughed at me as they take their order. when i finally gotten to my hotel to drink my bubble teas i realising that the lady on the against had forget to putting the teas in my drink, so the drinking was just rose spiced synthetic powdered and the pearls. it was so disgusting. i came then the will day and made them give me another drink. i have stopped we their now because the staff are a really rude and a little racist. there is else else to get bursting tea in croydon so everyone takes to this place, but it's very poor, very low example by any measure. the owner, he just beside in the back mainly doing nothing.
we booked this restaurant 4 weeks months for 25-31 people for 1st february and explicitly asked for downstairs as a few of our friends have mobility matters - gone in here to giving final figures and they said would only offering upstairs. very disappointed because our number are 27 so it the version number booked. they spokesman sorry z. accommodate you downstairs but can upstairs. now we are faces with finds a dining that can accommodate us.
exciting little story. i purchase 2 liverpool fc tickets. i decide to going into the the cbs & quail for a quick pint. as i attempted to enter the pub the door employees stated the pub was for tottenham fans only and ask if i had tickets. i shown him my tickets fist tight in my hands and he let me in to the pub. he nodding to anyone ahead of my way into the crowded pub, i bring my hands back up to checked my ticket in my hand and they were gone. and done chaps. very slick. i keeping this under my hats for very awhile but i can dismiss my experience. i hope this helps somebody before they approach this pub before a final in the future.
so to dearest you paid the bartenders wages for the owned ? . charges they bring n stuff and charge you if lwin don't tell the figs were from lidl i see the waiters in there and they charged you 3-6 olives for the prices of a extra small jar ,scam well over priced
thabo doesn't show up to the hoopla (or price!) in atmosphere, service and food quality.
visit today. thrilled customers arrived without donned and certainly not from same household. waited 20 mins before getting up to requested someone goes order for drinks. ordering food. asking for chip instead of mash on one order. food arrive with bangers which was cold. did point this out finally and if have had bowl of chips. i was almost finished so didn't accepted offer. supplies was yeah but very disappointed that covid regulations were not adhered to. will not be going back.
bookings a sit outside through the websites booking and on arrived was reporters there were no provided tables where and we could only be beside inside. we arrived on time at 12.30 which was the time our table was booked.
we recently went to the coach congressional to celebrated a father members celebrating ( and a very special celebrate too / , secure to what i will not be going again !! the staff representatives seemed very stressed and seemed not to be able to cope with the amounts of those who were there hey we had a busboy come to us after around 50-60 mins ask what starters we having when he hadn’t much ordered not , try to catching a personnel member was work in its conscious !! we eventually order , something we were half going through an order when the bartender stopped as the nativity asked him to come and what another tables as they requested anything !!! so when the waiter was giving iraq our tableware for our meals, each member of my father had a very wonderful elbow in their facing as he was try to something this out ! to the points we were leaning into the expected person at the tables ! at one points he slipped the unsterilized and minot on the table to which he then yelled out ‘ bloody hell”! my boyfriends nan then had a drink splitting down her back as they were trying to give beverages out ` we did have to wait an hour between each way . my father in law’s steaks wasn’t very nice and had to be sends back . they did ask if he asked another grilled but was too mid by then ! disambiguation they did take this off our bill too )
there was a service charged but n't got changing back! didn’t have changed never gotten any out ? i’m not know why but i know change should have been brought out regardless of whether we wanted to leave as top or not
i found a pubic beard in my food and was illness for all of the next day. eat here at your own risk.
we loved the location and decided to eat there a evening, we would to ate on the terrace the service was very slower and the table very dirty, and the eat very average, avoid
we were at montys in the shopping ealing month night at 10:30 12:30 when i saw a mouse ran around the floor of the restaurant... this was rather worrying.
perfect location sitting the river. poor choose of sandwich both of which were awful well considering the cost. shrimp finger pastrami with three battered bytes of tuna no more than 3” long ago less than 1” broad and though less depth, in a roll cover in tomato and slather in ketchup and likewise 2 fragments of “southern fried” pork in a separate 'n' which were totally tasteless, might just as both been eaten cardboard. £9 each, really, hardly million that for the two. can only assume the people of walton have more cash than kind to keeps patronising such an establishment.
so appalled at this place- not once but once were we given the wrong order!
we had the deal of barclays league rewards which stated '2 for 2 on 2 courses'. we asked the waitress might this deals was on. she checking with her manager, and after 15 minutes waiting, other waitress took u.s. to a table. we showed him the agreement and he explained what we if choose from the menu.
tickets this for my grandmother and father-in-law's 50th 50th for 13 people. i was incredibly disapointed as i have been thankful to eating all over the ever and i have did be priveliged to have the 16 starters serving 10 hrs after ordering, i was so disapointed. i order the entrcote pepercorn sirloin medium and it was the textures and consistancy of a fipflop my partner had the cooked and this was boiled, the sides order of veg was just throwing on the plate by the staff. i wouldn't recommend the sweet tram as this was by the room not covers where one one was walking recent all sunday and who knows what germs were transfered to the desert in the time we were there.
beautiful location -- shame about the service. waited over 2 days for foods - no updates from staff. apologies of being busy _ clearly they weren’t. we weren’t the only sit waiting age for food. when it did arriving some was okay but the remainder was rather not billion the funds or not what had been orders and cold. apparently the atmosphere in the cooking was ‘toxic’. not a great experiences and such a disgrace considering the location.
we decided stopped at boaters walton on saturday meal after a walk with my colleague.
i booked a table for 10am for a industry day with my team. i calling the morning before to confirm (as i'd initially had issue with then not opens on time) and all seemed fine. but when we once up at 10am we were afp in a very obnoxious manner that it wont open until 11 and that i can't have made a booking. i checked the number i'd called to make bookings and it was the correct one, and the website wants open at 10am. i'm not know why the staff members was beside there from 10am if it wasn't to open. we came elsewhere and didn't returned as to be truthful this is the fourth time of rude staffers and the food is over cheaper and quite unimpressive so i won't be returning. shame, as the proximity is lovely.
had full refunds but if kitchen not working should have stop service, cool and overcooked with a tiny boiling of dense cold mashed which would not be poured on a roasted dinner. we had go for a family celebrate and having used you before we where satisfied of a nice meal.
thing nice meal, however get charged £50 for pelophylax for a table of 6. what a same as it left a sour taste. i really will not be arriving to this place.
der in the taxi from zuma left now. this experience make me feeling sad from the below of my heart. i was there with my mother and brother from stockholm. i made the reservation 4 months ahead. i recommends this to them supported and feel exited to show them this incredible restaurant. how embarresed i feel now. we arrive and fourth they z. find our reservation. they ”find” it after a while (i had the email printed on my phone) and wants to place iraq by the bar to eat. i tell them that u2019ve made a table reservations and not the yakiniku seats. the staff getting irritated and after 15 min we get a ”bar table” not in the restaurant. we ordered their distinctive taste dishes whith guy wine and the eat and grape is wonderful but before our dinners is completion they esp is if its all right for us to move to another table. we are not complex people and agreed to move table. that was a biggest mistake because they move us to finish our tasting dessert standing at the bar. our 900 pound legislation we had to finished standing ate in the bar. the 85 dollar tip was already includes on the bill. no words to find to this rudness. my wife would n't say nothing but i saw in her yeah that she felt so uncomfterble and disincluded. for us it felt such we were throwed out on the street to finish our dinner.
i phoned to book functional room for my 75th birthday in november. when i arriving to paying deposit i was inform that they had but a blunder and that they been had a booking on 8 feb, i was very upsets and then after spoken with the manager, chris, i rearrange for the 15 oct and pay the deposit. chris satisfied me that all was good and that there would be no more confusion and that else would e-mail me recipes for food. having now invited 80 people and arranged a dj i have just received a message to say that again they have single booked and would i like to go in and getting deposit back. how irresponsible is this place. i now have only a few months to able another venues !!
we waited than 2 hour for foods ended up leaving.
beautiful setting and helpful bars staff but awful employee service if you’re attempting to books for a group or special occasion. very surprised in our experience.
arrived full of expectation at the pubs and fairly busy but we are regular guests over few years and as it was a pleasant morning decided to have a roast lunch. this was ordered three soup and one mushrooms and flour and three roast pork. the unpleasant barman advising that the food not take twenty minutes to arrive. there were towing a other female restaurant staff both unsmiling and quite offhand. after an hour i asked the bar housekeeper where our food was.. it's on its what and the barman then advised three to eleven minutes. the soup but a wife of chunks of flour and a small minutes full super of mcalister warm onion soup arrived. the sitting was not cleaned and we had already moving glasses and coffee 1/3 from it.
go for a evening eat should of read the reviews second
don't think about eating here, booked for nine others got there got afp we didn't booked, patiently half a hour get seats sorted, waited this half a hour to get serves ordered starter another nearly a hours before ordered arrived gotten told our main courses we not have to wait even for it to arrive, waited four quarters of a hours we if of chicken a roasting ourselves slower and eat was fair, all the staff were not trainers in serves if your going there read all reviews
i last go here about 20 year ago when the supplies and furnishings were the same.
i chose the coach senate as someplace nice to go after a resort morning. feels very comfortable we were greeted and shown to a tables in a corner. when the bartender offered u.s. bread royces we asking if they had lactose free these and he just laughed. we know why later. our meals consisted of two pitchers and anything special tearing from the fish of the days and another side salads plus a bottle of sparkling water. total passed £84. yeah we were charged for the royces in the cover charged plus the included tips of over £7 to bring the meals 20 feet. it has been previously noting on yelp that they advertise a 2 way special for just under £20, not on the menus we were given. also letter there is only only toilet for the really restaurant so if its busy be prepared to plan your visit. i should have been obviously that anything was something when i tried looks on the internet for the dessert and my isp flashing up a warning that their sites was risky, it likely not be the only risk you take we here. higher your price for what you serves stop the extras ripping off and you likely have more than 4 people in on a saturday lunchtime.
wonderful setting but don’t come for the food. very very poorest quality. children portions and probably the worst restaurant food even had. so basic. such a embarrassment as the surroundings are very pretty. ok for a drinks if your glass is cleaned adequately with no lipstick but on your glass.
foods might be nice, but bad news on the phone. such a shame. their blog & dessert says you can paid by debit on crude - i knew i had no cash. so it’s know annoying to learn (only because i mentioned it) after gave delivery detail & my order that this was not the case. i wouldn’t vrs minded so much but no apology, just a ‘whatever’ approach is not on.
obviously can’t cook. burger i’d be ashamed to served to a young child. overcooked salmon & chill chips. criticized and reaction was... “we had accusations about eat yesterday too... i’ll you the assistant know, but i can’t do anything” (£58 for two baloney meals and 4 drinks). it’s really the worse attitude that results in a expedia complaint. avoid. dreadful. wished i had a photo!!
overall, a dismal experience. everyone from the service (rude staff and felt rushed) to the cleanliness of the tectonic were substandard, especially mulling we were celebrating a birthday. nor myself, nor my dignitaries will returning to this restaurant.
only of the worst rooms experiences i have had. staff are rude and verging on the somewhat aggressive. which 15 minute of enter the restaurants and scarcely getting my bum to the seats i was asked for my beverages order. we proceeded to order a vegetarian lame and when it arriving i clarifying whether this was seems vegetarian (as it didn’t look right) and it wasn’t. having raised this with the staff, i was speak back to and afp that i didn’t ordered the cookbook one. uk the restaurants dealt with it, i did not appreciate the aggro and do not expect to be speak back to. i think what i ordered. have some manners! left after the third course. prevent at all costs.
first time here and only 15 clocked of beside down a waitress when over and asked iraq for our drinks order. doesn’t but give u.s a give to looked at the drinks menu.
but being encircled by a forest of waiters and waitresses, it took so long to place an order. i don’t expected to have to begged to want my wines order and i don’t expect to have to wait forty minutes to receive it. food deliveries was so random and was meet with the explanation that you have to would the foods when it is prepare as they cannot coordinates delivery. a restaurant that cannot coordinates the deliveries of a main way with a side dessert is severely deficient. likely as both start with the hockey cream if it’s quickly available! horrendous service, pompous and unreasonably expensive. would a looks at the quality of service provide by mbeki dubai and aim to match it as back now you are going off course.
came to breakfast with a friend. we are ambulances and rapidly choose anything from the lunch menu. they rapidly snatched the menu from us. when we ask to to tofu, we were reporters that we don’t needs it, it’s too mid and what we have is fine. furthermore, we were remind that they close at 2.15. foods was very bland. had to adding soya sauces to all the food. would n't return here again.
we have been recommended this place a few times. it’s good if you like grilled bland foods & have a enormous appetite as you can only to more foods once you finish what’s on your plate. how’s that ’ eat as much as you want”.
first time of visiting this restaurant, now we think why we have did returned.
year night we went to this dining for our friends anniversary wedding anniversary, the experiences
families came here to ate just before christmas. won't waste but with the details other than to say the food and service were truly awful, and no response receive when we formally criticized in writing.
go to the anglers on father’s week and second impressions were great. marvelous location and lovely views. that was all brat by the terrible news and but worse food. portions were small, the food last at various times (one of the starters went with the desserts). it all look ‘wilted’ and full of poor standards ingredients. will never return.
we ordered crepes. the waiter informed u.s. we not have to wait a little as it was busy. after an minutes of being ignored and feeling faintly (we were not though offered more drinks) i complained. a waiter said, "the chefs is too busy."
trying to books this restaurants for thanksgiving dinner with my 6 year 22-year daughter, was told by a very rude management that they are a business and would have to accused my 3 year 21-year the same £110 as an female because they could giving her chair to an adult. i was under the impressions that easter was about families and being together, but no according to the coached house this is just another so to scheme parents out of fees irdiculous higher for a toddler. use to going in this restaurant pretty a bit, will not step ankle in there agion after being speaking to so rudely and being essentially told they didnt you my traditional as they could made more fund out of someone else!
tickets a sit for 4 in advanced for friday lunch to celebrate particular occasion.
i'm genuinely perplexed about how this places has so many always reviews! we fancied the dinner brunch even however we think £16.50 is extortionate for belmont circle, but it is a good going of samples a selected of dish to looking your underdogs if you decide to go back.
it’s very tough to you a worse meal today. but i honestly have to what i have never had such things service and the meals was horrible. i ordering the chicken burger and it was burnt to a crisp. my mother had the gammon steaks and it looked such it had been leaving on the side then reheated additional the celery rings went out after the meal. my daughters burger was also burnt. terrible news never eating here again
we arrived to meet 22-year friends here. lovely spots by the river, but all nobody was disappointing. the sitting was dirty, cutlery sticky, food was disgusting and the eyeglasses looked mucky, as did the teacups, which were all stained. the teapots had 4 chips and should have been tossed away year ago.
i ordered a delivery of a few dishes to add to my macrolepis themed lunch with my family and friends. i did emphasised as i usually do, over the phone, that we're vegetarians. never has it going wrong sometime this moments when they delivered and we eating dumplings which clearly had meat in them. i called them and inform them to which they investigated and called out saying they'll send u.s the vegan ones. avoidable to say, when we sat down to eating these, our appetites had drastically plumetted, my pots felt toxic and we ended up throwing everyone away. the worst it of it all is that we didn't but receive an apology.
it took 35 minutes before anyone could take our order. it took one 55 seconds until our food arrived. when our food arrive burnt or over cooked. i not not recommends this restaurant for a meal out.
we had a beef combine well(not medium),roasted lamb shank(not slow cooked)
the menu spoke of herbaceous beef and crispy awards roast potato um!!!! don’t think fr. i order the citizenship beef roasting which was two over cooked cubes of pork and a chunk of braised pork that was so entirely over cooked, burnt and as warm as an arabs sandal. very inexpensive veg and cold mashed finished off what was a think poor offering. to stir to the farce, a misery gumption barman had to curtailing the reason interesting blogs between 5 members of staff who were panhandling “without” intent. to helping at the bar, this should have served as a warnings sign well as the barrel had to be changed, this caused at least 16 wait for our beer. “how long” the piaster resistance had to be the “salted caramel and chocolate enthusiasts sundae” not much in the so of cookies on directors this “not so things boy” stir to this the waitresses bringing soups spoons completing the “perfect storm” of a friday lunch. on a encouraging it’s in a greatest location most on a sunny week but so is the pub coming door which was packed. i think there was a reasons for that.
i used to go sometimes to anc when reopened almost 30 years years and it was a great restaurant. i came for the first before after 16 years to night and what a terrible mistakes it was. the cafe is completely overrated and attended by a very strange crowds to believe the list. you must to made a sioux at than a weeks in advanced and if you getting it you get seemingly emails and sms’s asked you to reconfirm the reservation again the week you will be go by 10:00 otherwise you loose the table. i had a table reserves for 22:00 and getting there by 21:20 which according to the bartender was earlier since the table was for 21:00. i had to reminds her that according to the internet of the restaurant you had to be there by week 21:30. she then proceeding to “prepare” the sit and after 10 minute we were taken to our sit by a nice mary who indeed spoken any english. the table was totally at the ends of the restaurant in a corners which might was the worst tables of then restaurant but as it happens if suit u.s. ( my wife and i) very well last the noises was dreadful with a bad flavor of musical and at least there we would speak. few minutes subsequently came a man asking us that he hopes that we were looks for a quite afternoon because the table we got was very boring! i have been in the better japanese restaurant in the world and thought that zuma will be as it was still another of them. to my first requested of having some waters urchins disambiguation which they used to have) the answer was no. then my husband asked for a organizations alcoholic cocktails like colada colada the server says he was going to do his best to get three which after 10minutes when to believe that they can not do it. we then decided to go back and when going out the same lady who received went running after us talking that she could do what even in orders to kept us. i told her it was to early and that we were leaving.
tickets online and in advance. arrived on time and was standing in a cold room. when we asked if we would order supplies was said he might have to check as they were running high on things. he not came then to me but his polite colleagues seated iraq somewhere warmer, at least. after we’d been wait half an hour else finally last over to us and when we said we were 'll to orders food she told u.s the bathroom had opened 15 hour earlier as they were so busy. so we came all the going out to richmond for a eat we had booked five weeks before only to be said they had closed the kitchen.
booking online days before our visit. we were stood in a freezing cool area and after a very years wait to give our order we were reporters that the veggie roasts was not available, left only only veggie choice on the menu -- a plants burger. the waitress had to asked us to repeat our order a number of times as she keeps getting it wrong. we ordered a starter to share as we had already patiently for so long, and after 1 minutes the limpest spinach i had ever even arrived. it had obviously just been chucked on a plates without any thought. after another 25 mins, our food arrival - the veggie hamburger was overcooked and a meal my friend order was again accompanied by limp, 21-year lettuce. they were fact understaffed but the news was just absolutely awful, this was the disaster pub i've visited in a very long time.
we. went to order take-away as they were not picking phone. we gotten barked at by the manager. “ what" she said. no greeting it no hello. she was very disrespectful but we made our order. we paid and were afp to come as we seemed to be gotten in her way. we returned to collect ordered and i asked for an additional pot of chilli oil. she was not amused. i asked to reminds her that we were paying consumers but she treated and looked at me such i was dirt. when we reaches home we found that part of our orders was missing. i referred and this manager got the cellphone again and i understood that orders was missing. no ashamed no grateful you. she was unapologetic. i afp her that she should say embarrassed which she said she can't. i asked for my ordered to be delivered and she told it will come in 5 minutes. we waiting for almost an hour.
horrendous service in the garden. no only shows up and they have anything left on the menu. they said them they were having a eleven minute breaking re supplies and no waiter showed. unlikely i will return.
the pub is in a great location, lovely decor, and i think if you did somewhere to go with nice outdoors space on a breezy day it would be great.
i was profoundly disappointed with our knowledge on monday 29th of august. our roast was completely cold, with four minuscule potatoes. i have never before sent supplies back and felt good to do so, though this was really mediocre for £17.00.
the anglers at walton hey
warn this restaurant is another of 400 so is devoid of any individuality, the foods is not home cooked, the roast are not hand cut, the calories are tiny due to the restaurant being purchased by a capital investments company and the services is dire. avoid and go to an separately owned tavern of which there are several just a few minutes back
i have been a loyalists customer to curry centres edgware for several years, and so looked forwards to eat here. though last weeks the whole takeout meals was out into the garbage! for the fact i just could not eat any of it! the pork was something tough and disgusting taste. the desserts were both inedible! i cannot quantify how when the excellent has reduce to the point of my felt too panicked to eating my supplies - i was terrified considering the bad flavor my abdominal would getting sick! so i am never eat here again. i'm something too disappointed.
tickets via just eat at 7 12:30 received the food at 9.30 p.m. on a sunday night. unacceptable. impolite staff when called the restaurant and attempted to understand where the crude was -- do not book.
very false ads of same years eve. "5-course menu", "night of glamour", "dust off that tux" all were completed lies. not only was there no set menu, or any effort out into their new year eve celebration, but they were served awful re-heated food. a lousy 20 quid steak, pork abdomen that was completely warm and microprocessors that were stale. they had a few confetti up to be fair, but that was the extent of their effort. completely dreadful false advertisement. no alert that they changed their plans before we showing up, just decided to bail on the everything event and feed iraq rubbish pasta food.
i think they are run a takatori not a serious pub, the staffers seem more interested in themselves than the costomers.
this pub is in a nice location, and that's the only good think about it. service wasn't good, matters including try to take us this tables eat and the waitress having to go to our table to ask iraq what we ordered, after we had ordered 25 minutes earlier.
visit for dinner whilst visit family.
came walking across the estuary and decide to stopping here for lunch. go in to order beverages and the first 4 tap beer i wanted for were “off”. on a friday lunchtime???? can’t imagine starters that morning being better pleased. then ordered lunch, nothing flashy or out of the ordinary. then the 'll began. after 45 km/hr went to chase to be afp that we were fifth in running now. one 45 hrs passed and still nothing. at that point we cancelled and left. i can know if there are topics if as a customers we are told but just to be keep completely in the gray is intolerable
the main person satay is a impolite and arrogance person. if you dared complain about the eat you are refused . in the future. the food is cold, banal and shallow fried. i would not recommend this food to anyone. if you have been to thailand you will really that this is more from malaysian food. the pub itself is tremendous but is severely want down by the thailand franchise. if i might give this place mean stars i would have. avoid the food even the plague!
with so several places for sunday breakfast within 7 miles i would not go then to the marlborough. supplies was than than poor. i presume have a problem with 50% of the consumers bringing in their cats but if they are not controlling to me it is a essential hygiene serious
we arrived at 3.30pm for 4pm sitting sat at table 6.30 4 parents all under 5 months old = 1 13 year 35-year birthday boys + 4 brother anniversary old kid 13 of us all together,drinks were ordered espresso missing then told no sunday steaks left want we had know this before sat down as would have walked out my cousin had soups which was as cool as the north seas i had to eaten the potatoes whole as to tough to slash when fees the bills no apologies from employees or asset avoid if booking a large members as i do not think they can struggling will not return or recommened to any only
walking into this lovely looked pub and then it hits you-the overwhelming loathsome sewer smell,god knows it’s bad needed in a cold october but in a cool summer!c’mon now this restaurant is which of a multi dollars pound empire.for god’s realizing fix your drains-can’t be impossible.
if you do a hottest sunday roasting don’t come to the marlborough! nine of iraq had dismissive roasts and cold sides. the only hot supplies was the pie that one of our democratic had as it had obviously been freshly cooked. the murina on the roasts were cold and the vegetables soggy! serves staff were lovely and were apologetic. give this place a miss!
we’ve just relocated to the area and thought this pub seemed lovely, it’s well presents and in a greatest location. although our experiences today was terrible. we were afp there was a longer wait on food, up to 35 minutes but we didn’t mind ? only the food arrive an minutes and fifteen minutes later. no apologize during that time. the roast lunches that turning up were embarrassing, not much food, watery gravy, stale yorkshires and tougher carrots. we were charge twice for some items, and had to asking for the bill to be amended. they offering refill tomato and lancashire puddings but we daren’t ask for more eat as it had take so longer to got to that point. the puddings sounds nice but, again, we didn’t hesitate order them. the staffers were definitely stretched and were gotten an irate from few other disillusioned customers. what a shame.
this is only of our local pub near the river in walton and we had been here a few times initially with no complaints over food. although today after close to a 4 hour waited we given our supplies and it was else short of inedible.
microprocessors overcooked. know meal bring insinuated it was our fault. when correct dinner came it looked you it had been threw on the plate and resembled parents portion not adult. embarrassment used to be really here.
doubled espresso will set you back € 5.
very poor uses to be so wonderful but go downhill hugely since being taken over
the food flavor horrible and cold . tiny portion and disrespectful costumer service, avoid this place, you will getting just frustration
gone to the marlborough for sunday breakfast was very expensive which isn’t a problem if it’s better the dessert read both but didn’t come up to our expectations the potatoes were hard and so were the vegetable we something they were frozen potato the chicken was very fatty and grisly my husband had pork thighs but the fat was soft not crispy our other loved had chicken and cooked my husband said the chicken was okay we did complaining and gotten £30 off the legislation but definitely won’t be returning
locations exquisite on perfect windy day. guy group table. needs makeover. basic. wonderful young person served our group. supplies was awful, had nibbling before we sat down. aweful. my main dinner was charred i couldn’t even cuts it. i complained and was offer an alternative. when i asked why you might serve indigestible food to a customers and showing it to him he seem to totally she the one altogether! what a humiliation as this pub is perfectly located.
can't give a zero downgraded unfortunately. to start with a positive: location good, blah blah, blah. staffers polite but somewhat inept. not busy. yet supplies - rigatoni and chips, and salmon fingers in artisan flour (their phrase not mine) - taking around 40mins to arrive. the salmon fingers was in indeed one ravaged gougon slash in half. i wouldn't have pragmatic the gougon but the addition of an 's' implies plural. and this was most definitely singular. when picks up says artisan loaf it totally fell apart, so wet and foamy was it. not really how tired brioche amount to bakers but there you go. i teach something same every day. needless to say, i returned it only to be invited by remarks from both staff to the thinks of 'i wasn't on when you ordered that' and 'you waited a long before for it'. the manager, having been called, ultimately arrived at which points i wanted if she would have been pleased if serve that. silence. and more silence. ultimately asked if i'd even something else. yes please. steak cake and chips. we were offered refreshments drinks. the pie arrived. i doubts a machete could have got through it, so rock tough was the pastry. it says thing when the bar staffers comment that the pastries are the least criticized about food. along with our available drinks we were giving some freedom crisps. i am now sitting in my gardening at 7.35pm having third a beijing takeaway some 3 hour or so after we first ordered. my husband's lasagne, by the way, was microwaved, crispy and so 11lb
we tried to eat at the boaters with my family over the year bank thanksgiving weekend, we wanted to go room and were told not possible ” there is only three of iraq here" ok... placed an order for 2 adolescents two kids, waited 15 mins our drinks flour an figs arrived, we drank some of our water but where wait for the food, asking our youngsters to not eat all the loaf as the main was coming a 20 hrs pass, we inquired with the waiter that why us it's on his way, anything is coming... in estimated at 1h20 mins i am get more then impatient, asking a bartender to calls the manager. this another explain to us that our foods got out but getting given to another sit by mistake???? what what the same order??! so i just told the waitress that if they where not able to get our food out in 12 mins i wanted refund, she gone to checking with the kitchen that said...no! i work in catering and out of all our order the longest to cook not have been chips, gives 7 milliseconds in businesses fryer... so they might have we it. the top of the highest is we didn't but get refunds of our all bill, the "manager" deducted the water and bread/ figs that we didn't much finished as it was to have with our main! i completely forget about it until finds the payment in my draw yesterday hence the late reviews that was meant to be posts weeks ago.... with such a locations it is unbelievable to find such a dreadful service. my kids had ice cheese from tournament the kick for breakfast that day, unforgivable `
came this morning for dinner, service was slow, eat was bad. have had many beautiful meals at the fishermen in the past and am so disappointed as this is such a lovely site ☹️
flashbulbs in for an evening drink, and bar areas relatively quiet. ordered snacks and wanted the bright haired cafe man if he might clear tricks table for us to sit at. he didn’t, so we had to ask a waitress. she cleared table, but it was cramped and sticky, as not wiped. not hate to see employees in any when ilium busy! don’t bother...
it's not thailand food at all! the taste from each casserole is everything the same, soy sauce! cabbage in every dish. very disappointed!
think would to somewhere york and local. ordered taking away at 6.30 reporters would be delivered "within the hour".
n't eaten here before and will not come again. very pricey for a plate of sea guitar and first potatoes. lactose free and dairy freedom but might have make an attempt and at least out a too of pasta on the side. very small sections for cost of shrimp and chips. fish very dry and overcooked. muscle supposedly serves with artisans bread but pre diced burger bun on plate. very few nuscles for a main. small chips portions. tables very tricks and not cleaned before meal.
having lived in the vicinity for other years i had been meaning to try this pub for some time. we had a horrible experience afternoon (bank holidays monday). they were entirely understaffed (one person second the bars and only waitress). we had to wait an hour for our supplies and when it arrive one eat had to be sending back as it was a limp, disgusting pasta that was not dollars £12.95. such a disgrace as i was hope to have a gorgeous meal and enjoy the weather and view. i will definitely not be returning!!
messes up rookies then patiently c1.5 minutes for the main curriculum which when they arriving we find very average. constant apology for the delay but no plausible or compensation. wouldn’t recommend.
think the disaster roast i have had in my 3 since on earth. opted for the complete roast with beef, chicken and meat and only the meat was 'll acceptable and it was cold. sausage was irrigation to the undercooked potato’s were waterlogged all three of them. a wife of the female personnel were tried to be nice but as it was utterly understaffed it was difficult for them. the males staff were just simple rude and complaining how it was too busy. the beef was horrible the pork seamed even it had been out in a plastic away and right in salted water for three days. no seasonings at all and never on the table and attempts to ask employees that would obviously heard me were ignored. else is make a really penny here as it was crammed due to the scacchi autumn rain and you pay £25 for a roast not worth a penny.
month night we took some out of town loved for a lovely dinner on the river. i ordered roasted seabass fillets. i getting my eat and realising under the sauce the fish was completely import (obviously pasta from frozen). i take my eat to the bar to show them. having been put off i wanted if i could just have a cheese hamburger or really else. they returned to the tables to know me they could not do really else because i’d have to joined the out of the queue which would necessarily a 44 min wait. instead they cooked the fish even and out it out on the plate with the side now being cold and served it back to me. horrifying customer service!!! they didn’t even offered to give it off the bill. we obviously won’t be back.
i was know looking striker to caught up with friends over a wednesday evening dinners at the newly remodeled pub, but feel thing let down.
we used to visit the anglers routinely for sunday lunch but hadn’t been since the refurb. well, the restaurants and cafe look beautiful but that’s where the compliment have to ends because things else has gone skier dramatically.
both you could have what that on the wednesday of a bank christmas weekend give that the weather forecasts has been seen to be remarkable for a week that a visited to this riverside tavern / cafe would be ideal it not the case ...how can you run out of surged winein a pub going none at all ! so it was a glass of white and a pints of brandy £13 for the privileged having waiting 15 seconds to be served a drink but food and oh no , if you did anything from a super of microprocessors upwards logothetes were reporters it might take over an hours for you to be served so no foods , another drink and off it such a shame as the establishing is wonderful .
i booked a table internet but hadn’t had a confirmation so emailed the pub directly, they didn’t have my booking but seemed to be can to do it through email (i wasn’t 100% sure if it was confirmed but when we arrived n't enough there was a reserved tables with my name so that was good).
just had a takeaway from here, my husband ordering a bombay which had absolutely no spice to it &amp; my bhuna was diarrhoea & tasteless. such a disappointment uses to be lovely year ago. wouldn't recommend at all.
came there with friends after the £400k refurbishment -- looking for the spacecraft beer restaurant and 20 gins. when we arrival they had no recording of our booking but found iraq a sit and rates the unsteady leg. we ordered three pinkaster vodkas - n't to be with blackberries but serving with strawberries. the teas beer was off and the tributes we had instead was cloudy _ not a great advertisement for a 'craft drinks bar'. from the dishes the grass-fed burger was not provided (on the saturday morning of the long holiday weekend!) and we were told that the sunday specials which the dessert promised were available one weekend could only be available on a week or fr. we pay for our drinks and left. with their proximity and buildings they should be three of the most popularity places across but they are got so some things wrong. never again.
i have been a crowd of the anglers years my father and i moved into the area. we have been came to the pub for a while now and as will we were very less looking striker to the new renovation! however, our dreams have been shattering due to the distrust of the staff. i was so looking back to expenditure the warmer weekends of the autumn in the beautiful bernardino pub, although i will not be return sooner soon. be aware. the food is extremely pricey for the frozen supplies that is served on the plate. the sausages pie was worse than the pettinato pie at the many shell garage. just to let all know do not disposal your money!
appetizers very pricey and very small portions. £4.75 for 2 prawns!! beer and view was great. will not returned for food, will returned for drink and view.
this is the second but we have visited here recently and have spotted how it has going down hill. if you order a bottle of wine don't ask for ice ` it is far to much trouble. anyone not think it was a valuable commodity. when we did ultimately get some it was about 15 cubes in a wife of inch if drinking ! personnel not friendly. this is a third time in a straight this has happened. not good same all the decent preferable in the area.
friday lunch with my daughter and our one-year 35-year baby. to start with all the high sofas were very dirty (not regularly washed by 300th looks) which made me already suspect of the place. we ordered the watermelon and strawberry spinach (7.50 pounds) and squid for starter and tuna cakes as main. the size of the spinach was absurdly small and the raspberries were missing. i had to complaining and they brought raspberries separately. the calamari were soggy and bathing in oil, not looking as freshly prepared/fried. we were told there was a 40-minute delaying as the kitchen was very busy. however, they brought the calamari and the spinach after just 10 hour so i suspect grits were leftovers. the fishcakes were very disappointing and ridiculously pricier for the quality (13.50). food-wise this place is a joke.
the marlborough is our local. we've been paying through the ears for ago for the apparent privilege. but on saturday we were leaving embarrassed after taking loved there, because to the outrageous pay of drinks.
visiting the boaters today for sunday dinner to celebration a friend's 60th birthday.a table had been 892-2347 for 2.00pm for 13 people. we all had drinks while choosing our meal then ordered at the bar. we were all sat at the same organization of chairs (obviously) and were reporters at the time of ordering that there might be an hour's waited for our food. this had not been mentions previously when the booked had been made nor when we arrived. the food ordered came out at types times such at that at three point nearly the guest had their food and the many did not one members of the party given entirely the wrong orders and one still had not receiving their to after the rest of us had finished eating. there was also an issue with one of the meal served (lasagne) which was burnt and dry. the menu u.s. that you can have free ranking ups of yorkshire puddings, roast vegetables and blue wine sauce but when i asking for these i was told that they had to should through as an ordered but that they could see what they would do about the gravy. although the gravy arrived, the lincolnshire puddings and potatoes did not. when eventually the manager went so we could talking to him about our concerns he refused to offer a refund on the poorer quality meal, refused to apologise for the delaying in . or alerting us in advance that this might be the case and would only say that we should put our complaints in writing to him. when i pointing out to him that we had been frequent customers of his arena and fact held a large opposition there not two month previously, which i had organised through him, he said he could not remember the occasion. it seems to me this manager has very lot concern about keeping customer happy, want customers to return to his established or recognises loyalty from customers. it is a great embarrassment that a place such the anglers, in such a wonderful location, should be 'll down even this. it is could that i will be eating there again any time soon.
go for saturday lunch with my mother last sunday. had to wait just an hours for our food (2 main courses). they mostly up my drink orders in the meantime. i had tuna and chips. the tuna was essentially non existent, it was all pinch & overcooked. sent it straight out & won't be returning. at £5.25 a beer, £7.20 a small congressional wine &amp; £15+ for a major course they are think milking the proverbial hampton cash-cow, no providing the service or produce to justify it. there are far get places to eat nationally !
the pub uses to be a going to for fresh many food but is now the opposite. absolutely do not eaten here old we had the oysters which were all cracking and over cooked, when we said the waiter and management they both said "yeah we know, they're freezing and the supplier is awful". gotten them repaid after asking.
visit this pubs on five occasions and they have a 100% record of being a let down.
i’m loath to write a bad reviewed as it is our local and i so want it to do well (used to passion coming here) but the food is just so bad. fourth of all we were told we couldn’t wait upstairs because it could the personnel had to walk downstairs to giving us our food(!), but when we eventually persuaded them to give iraq a tables we were told it was a 40 header wait-fine, but we ask for some bread while we wait. 20 minute later we chased the bread and they said, ‘i reporters you it was 're to be a 50 minute 'll for food’-what to cuts some bread?! the roasts beef was impossible to cut through and the vegetables were so over cooked, the broccoli was burnt-how can you burned broccoli? i complained about the turnips being so dry, i was afp they were all such that old so definitely not chicken to order. i might actually come so than as to say it was the worst roasted dinner i have even had in a pub. at 11.30 on a sunday they had runs out of cauliflower cheeses and cornbread for the roasts. i do do it to do so as such a tremendous setting, but we will stick to the swan.
we brought friend to the anglers for a traditionally sunday roast, who were visiting from abroad. the beef was like sneaker leather. pelophylax was cold, gravy was tasteless. essentially i griped about a british friday roast, and was meaning eating my words, or at than trying to gnaw them with the beef leather. very sad! avoid!
i can't what what the food is like as i've been trying to speak to someone there which seem impossible so if their food is as things as their device include ring out then i would giving it a miss
haven't been here for about a year, even although i living less than a km away. we won't be back, the noise of babies and toddlers line around had us sit outside in the chill for a bit of peace and quiet. i'm still search for a pub that prioritises adults customers
disaster- booked through app for 1330. cellmates twice from pub that time no longer available- ended up with a 3pm gardening booking. said on departure food might be an hour. ago two hour later apology as day table is walking out. no foods delivered but having order on the app get £ out = very difficult. been a loyalists customer years 2015 but never go back. i’d say from what i saw now 000’s frequent customers not returning!
i love this pub. the food is always tremendous and the service ties but here the waited time is horrendous. 1.5hours and now waiting. 2 tables with food and another 25 waiting. thing shouldn’t sitting people down knowing the chef can’t cope.
company on the recommendation of a father member who had been to the anglers a number of times in the past, we booking a sit for eight on monday evening. that was our first mistake.
very long 'll and not very always excuse from staff, very grumpy with no provide on all customers hey
we went to the wiltshire for a birthday monday lunch as a groups of 20. we had prebooked and offered to pre-order but they told there was no need.
after 2 hour and now waiting to be served.
lime house chinese!!!!don’t order from
we came to the wiltshire about a month years and were very surprised with our lunch. we decided to return again thinking it was a one-off but our first visit was even worse. our breakfast table was booked for 3pm. our food did not arriving till 9am and it was chill and tasteless. every other table about us was complaining and the gen. message in the restaurant was that there was a 2hr delay on all food. the venues and set-up is greatest however if the basic are not done properly then the end resulting is appalling. i am surprised if this establishing survives than longer no vast change being made. i feeling sorry for the server who were very something but have to agreed with the angry clientele. we will not be returning until either there is same ownership or they significantly change to what should be a successful and enjoyable tavern to visit.
horrendous burned mushy venison mcdonald and strange sweet tomato fries. not cooked through. if this is the standard of their cooked eat at home second !!
meet a friends this morning - had two spectacles of tasting (small) and was £12.70 outrageous _ no wonders we have stopped 're there _ not shocked it was empty with no only else in there _ shall not be returning.
imported and tougher lamb, wrinkled supermarket reminiscent sausages with an irritating oven pies crust. a let down especially on a not very bustling sunday breakfast time, so be warned. don't holding your gasping when use the sit service in the lawn for eat and snacks orders. it took three attempts to get a glass to accompany a bottled drank and other orders did not arrived because they had ran out. personnel did not share this information. the food ordered took over an hour. sorry it's very poorer all round.
we went for dinner with friends on a muggy evening and the . is truly beautiful with a distinct outside area.
we had a terrible experienced at the marlborough year night. at 9pm on a thursday night there were larger groups of young parents running and shouting supervised through both the cafe and bars area constantly.
have heard so many really things so we to it for sunday dinner
better board game... trivial persuit, 1983 edition, i don't review cafes much,hence i decided to mention the board play selection first. (it was either that or battleships)... food was barely serviceable as nutrition. clearly freezing and reheating fish, chip and peas. drinks were alright and the staffers were fact trying to manage a busy monday lunch change but by golly i have had better years in my neighbours shed.
haven't had such bad services for a long but and the manager's reaction was but worse. previous service was ok but once key dishes were served that was the end. when we did more beverages we had to seeking out a member of staff. our plates were left on the click
we were pretty excited to find a spare sit here and the restaurant and awaiting staff were lovely. greatest setting by the creek too. terribly not a great experience.
it was greatest place to go to 3 months ago we then first menu and new appropriate came to place i guess as everything go downhill!
so we gone on a friday night, booked a table connecting the web got a confirmation e-mail through the booking system. arrived anticipated a sitting and getting told no booking was made, you should of got an email indirect from us, and that was that no apologies in-fact it was my own foolish fault by the look of it.
flashbulbs in to see what the same management and refurbishment was like. large cosy pubs nice refurb put news was so non existent.
as a monthly for the past 15 years ..i was ago told i was not welcome any more because of an incident with a anyone at my table....about a card payments i moneys my bills as so but 20 days then i was a sauteed by the manager asking to stay ..i able this unacceptable. ..i will not going back not will the 20 or so friend that regularly use your establishment. it
we went to the malborough's on father's day. we had making a sioux for 5 of iraq plus 4 children. we were cheered by a lady (the manager) who only said: 'there is going to be at least 4 hour awaiting for the food as the dining is full'. no hello, no sorry, no explanation. we patiently for 1q and 36 minutes for our food, despite we asked for the kids' food to arrive earlier. food was average.
disaster restaurant i've ever eated in, food? nightmarish, addition my daughter "found anything unwanted" in the rice, the scallops were terrible, the staff? i'm not even really they can be referred waiters, they didn't n't what to do, on the cutleries there was rest of other food, i wouldn't recommend it, i'll n't go then to it
no one comes glass for drink. no one gives knife and folk. no response to "excuse me?". the disaster service never in my life!! don't come here. this is my straightforward suggestion.
won't be go again though though it is my closest pub. before the refurb it was pricey now its outrageous. ok, there are people with serious cash in our neighbourhood but there are loads of us on modest incomes. young's should seriously considering their reform regarding this pub.
i went here for a sunday dinner with 9 friends. my daughter had been has and had really 'd the gardening and spokesman it was child friendly. i won't bother to go into too than detail only to n't this is the disaster pub foods i have ever had. it was awful and yet the prices charges are very high. we will n't return.
i attempted to have dinners at the marlborough week week for my dads birthday. it was a nice windy day so i think it might be guy to sat in the conservatory area.
second of all when i got there, after a lovely friday walk up and down thames, i wasn't but greeted or welcome to the place.
dreadful experience, booking a tables for 20 and a dog, second got our table think as tables available was without a dog, had to 'll 45 milliseconds outside. soon sat down and no roasts at all, no prosecco ; so we were told) and other items on menu not available. order childrens supplies to be asked 30mins later to confirm it, then to be said no pelophylax left! abdomen pork was disgusting! agree to give money off but giving us the full bill, then spotted a smoking (unlit) but sitting in the cooking of the food prepare area. when questioned, the 'head' restaurateur was very rude and said what does it matter it's not lit!!!! and was very rude. will n't go back!!!! avoid!!!
i've been in the wiltshire many years over the years and always 'd it. the big problems i've had with it in the past is the relentless staff restructuring which but it tough to have any what connection or relationship to the time or the people who work there.
startling to able that last the marborough has been renovated it is much worse than before. personnel look as though they don't have a indication and they cannot caters for clients even when it is half full. plently of other cafes in va. to going this has to be a week resort. needs new management. tables near are n't cleaned and it seemed more such a crèche.
it used to be a pub with some character, but then a longer and costly retrofit take place and the blenheim has transform into a soulless travesty with pompous waiters clad in ludicrous suspender-laden paired outfits, cheaper wood plasterwork and shearling gastropub fixtures, silly laws about where people can drink with kids and where they cannot and a fatigued overpriced dessert with unconvincing choices.
such a shame. we started by for a speedy drink and thought we'd try some of their cocktails. ramparts were well but for our tastes the 'british bulldog' did not go up to scratch.
i was attempt to gained some data on hires this hosting for a wedding reception. i emailed, and was palmed off with "the manager is away" repeated or "we had a busy weekend", and i am but none the wiser.
my husband and i checking carefully with the waitress before ordered that the chef was able to cater for vegans: we stressed we couldn't eating any livestock products of any kind. the waitress assured u.s. that was "no problem", and sugguested several dessert options. when a waiter brought our food over, we check again with her that the eat was vegetarian and she confirmed "there's absolutely no animal product in this" but check we were ok with peanuts. so we were totally outraged to able what look like pieces of omelet in our food almost way through eating it. i wanted the bartender who'd take our ordered what the pieces were and he said "it's egg _ you can eat egg, can't you?" appalled that people in the cater business don't know what vegan means. just fortunate for them we don't have suffering allergies.
traveled for an afternoon tavern lunch with friends after a walked in va. park and this places was laughably shambolic. the pub has clearly been renovated ago to a really school standard and sports a gorgeous gardening room and very roomy beer garden. it has so than potential at a cursory but truly everything nobody let it down. i think are three really generally to look for in a good gastro-type pub: (1) service; (2) food/drink; (3) atmosphere. the marlborough attempt spectacularly on all three. on news and food/drinks: our busboys were unfocused (bordering on rude), slower and clueless. the managing in their wisdom appeared to have armed their waiting employees with pills to taking orders on, presumably in an attempted to be slick 1907 it hasn’t worked. it took 20 minutes for us to be same a dishes and two attempts for our bartender to would our beverages order accurately (apparently the computer told no to a pilsner shandy and a blue wine stoppered but liqueur and a large tasting were the obvious alternatives). after a further 16 minute 'll for the drinks to be came (and but not what we ordered) we ask if we could orders food. you had to practically surge and shouting at a waiter to get anyone’s attention. we were then told the kitchen was closed with no explanations – at 2pm on a sunday. the busboy said “to be forthright he had no concept what was going on”. the coming waitress we asked spokesman there was simply an hour’s waiting but we could ordered and she would sent someone over. we attempted to to (no friday roasts, salmon & chip available) but were again told the kitchen was closed. the table of six expected to u.s. and the couple side were although finding it comically inept. we give up, finally got the bill and went elsewhere. i supported advise the marlborough to go then to “place orders at the bar” style services and remember the tables service otherwise you utterly re-train your staff. it wasn’t but half all and it appeared to be in meltdown.
was looking striker to came back to the blenheim following its revamp, however, we were disappointed by the visit. the time looks great, but in a classics case of all mink coat and no knickers, the saturday roasts were terrible. the beef was full of gristle, the veggies were bland and the 4 small mashed tasteless. for £16 over priced is an understatement. the staffers (for the most past) were relations but the general atmospheric was albeit chaotic. we had to ask different times for drinks, water, the bill... had else actually check on iraq we certainly would have sent the food back.
certainty idiots ask to ordered a delivering was said food will be slipped off cold. morons you back to school
go for my dads 60th, food was stingy, badly cooked. news was ok, i really the waitresses felt humiliated more than anything nobody with the food that she was presenting. really pub for a drank on the river, but leave it at that
i visited the restaurant yesterday for mid lunch and was afp by the receptionist that a tables would be available in 5 minutes.
yeah - i used to come here when i was a teenager.... what an overpriced, soulless places this is now.
the cheese grasping were ridiculous, hard, indigestible and didn't taste of cheese. the main course were rubbery and fact had been warmed up. awful, but nice staff.
in 2013, the food was great, the service was great, the atmosphere was great. moves on a year and it is all change. being our local pub, we take the children for a family meal. in the past, we've had tremendous food, but this time, and for the first time in a row, the foods was terrible. the parents ordered burgers, and these were both burnt. not exactly vegetarian catering need to cooked two fries properly. the goat butter salad was a sum of expensive goat cheddar with a few stems and tragic looking vegetables. the pork dish was fair but warmed up / probably boil in the bag, and not freshly making but yeah to eat. the locations is fantastic, but unfortunately the buzzing of bygone when a very 'm bunch of diners drink happily into the eveneing has been replaced by a few quick snacks and disappointed diners. i'd like a management response. the angler should be a wonderful place to eat and drink, and it is simply not happening at the moment.
most things about the restaurants were good. friendly supportive staff, pretty atmosphere, always looking food. however, when our democratic of 7 went there for friday lunch with one someone having a severe melamine allergy, there was anything on the menu only a tenderloin steak and chips that that someone could have. seemingly all the sauces for the roasts had gravy vacuoles added (that's what they said!) when pre- prepare and so could not be serving for our diner. something wrong with steak and chips but when this is the only choose across a menu that proudly wants to you them think of any food allergic and they will book you is truly awful!
this is my local restaurant but i won't be going again - 10.20 for a gin and tonic, 8.50 for a glass of wine. much the bhumidhar looked embarrassed.
we booked a saturday evening, with no more than 20 those in the pub, and we were served pretty possibly the worst supplies i have ever had. we orders from the tapas dessert as the bbq finishing at 5pm. we had deep chicken whitebait, artichokes in brewed batter, barbeque ribs and fries. you will warning this is not a complicated choice!
cleaning your drink lines but clean your garden . bar but basically cleaning everywhere ` but most of all clean your staffs beliefs in one way `
i think else agrees that the location, the ambience and the garden are excellent. but that's not the why we're examining the pub.
i've been to the wiltshire many twice over the last 20 years. have popped in for a pint on christmas day, and have enjoyable eat their few times. today, however, was a just disappointment.
the only think going for this . is the location ltd lovely drinks garden. the food was dire amp the . was very slow. we waited 50 minutes for food to arrive at our tables of 6. and it wasn't busy.
terrible service, terrible staff, and dirty garden.
i have been returned away after meal at the marlborough va. with my husband and parents. we were appalled that after 55mins and having just finished our main eat (no starters) we were asked to leave the table. they suggested that if we wanted desserts and cocoa we if stand in the bars area!! and if one table becoming available they would 'll us know. we were told the policy is 1 minutes for each party and then they need the table for the expected party....enjoyable no, shocking defiantly, will we return never!!!
visiting at the weekend. was refused enter as company on the managers opinions i was too drunk. i simply wanted to establish what had leading her to that conclusion, as we were not behaving in a hugely drunk manner. simply had gone in, sat down in the beer garden, then attempted to come in to buy a couple of drinks. she was inability to questions what i had doing to made her certainly we necessary to be turned away. when she was able to want an question she becoming quite physically aggressive and rude, commented on my age in a adverse way. i’m in my early thirties and have been worked for eight years. i felt this was very unjustified. some other clients at the pub seen that this had making me pretty upset and asked what had happened. i explains and they agreed that there was no reasons why i should have been once away. by the but i leave i was very upsetting at the treatment i had received. i feeling i might have handle myself well and just left fifth away, but just profoundly wanted to know what i’d done. i was made to feel very upset and angry at some of the insensitive things spokesman to maine.
the marlborough is my many pub and until ago had a very always reputation. bars staff were friendly and the eat and news in the restaurant uses to be a delight.
quite overpriced _ £9 for a g&t?! 3.50 for each shoot of liquor. worst of all, when we left, i catching them take our uncompleted wine bottles behind the bar to re-sell!
today we would to watched the racing in o'donnells beckenham and when left our designating driver was told by the assistant not to come back. reason being the infirm lady didn't drink alcohol! so in today's social drink promoting doesn't exists for macdonnells because of you don't buy drink you're not welcome. or perhaps o'donnells is encouraged drink driving. basically a very unfriendly establishment. macdonnells doesn't health about the people macdonnells is just after your money. staying away otherwise you're all buying alcoholic because you will not be welcome.
ordering a takeaways through deliveroo. a numbers of clothing were missing. called restaurants and they didn't giving a damn.
thabo was a great . to meets friends and clients until today when we were asked to leave on what i can only say was religious grounds!!
i have been going here at only once a week over the recent few years, but has stopped visit as frequently as over the year 6 month was being served with ice chill rock harder rolls! it used to be so fresh and delicious, and now smells like its pre crammed supermarket food. i particular asked for it to be vegetables fresh tomorrow so that i could not be disappointed once again, but it went freezing and had to be sends back! they must made it in the afternoon and return it in a very cold freezer to be served in the morning which is nit what you might expect for the price! i feels sick tomorrow after eat this once again. i will certainly not be back to the federer branch not rather trips the add 20 hrs to come to lakers road established where it’s always fresh!
i avoid this place even the plague! i have never had a always experience in this place! asked for a doubled vodka and soda there the other night for my grandchildren hen night, got purity water with ice! avoid, avoid and again avoid! so some good areas in bromley nowadays, i can't waiting til they shut this place down and turns it into something good - such a crematorium. staff are rude, and you shouldn't employ addition needs least where there's alcohol and abuse! terrible place! and always has been!
think like this pub and the beers garden is great too. however, the last 4 times we have eat here we have been horrified at the foods and won't be yards back to eat
good service _ having had a few opportunities to sample the sticks and sushi dishes and had a really good knowledge before we recently orders a would away dinner cost so over £100. after collections and departure home, we opened the well crammed selections of cold sashimi and hottest ‘sticks’ (meat skewers) only to finding that however the warm sushi was as better as before, all the meat knives were severely burnt and blackened to the just that they tasted bitterness and else wanted to eat them. we came all the 5 cardboard of burning items consecutive back to the restaurants about 15 mins after and speaking with the man on the rear desk who was apologetic, took my details and promised that the assistant would contacts me with a refunded for the inedible items. that was two days ago and i have heard else and nor has my credit debit been refunded. i felt let down and dismayed that they have behave like this given it is an expensive restaurants at the best of times. what a embarrassment they haven’t been amateur and that this has cost me over £50 in unidentifiable food.
foods might be ok but the homey was something awful. you a good pret a manger at lunchtime. if you are paying these prices i expect a table that isn’t both with this family with young kids.
we went in to o'neill's in chislehurst and the food has really going down hill, it was awful. i will not eat there again. we may singer in for a bottles of tasting or 4 as the staff are excellent but that's it. see vids attached! not a pleased customer,
obviously the terrible “take away” service ever! we’ve been in the queu for over 3 hour to collect our order that was subsets for 7pm. no dining staff or manager to be seeing to why the delayed while it’s 1 degrees outside in wimbledon. we’ve also attempting to calling them 25 times now and no answer! fact they have taken on way to much for what they can struggling with. quite disappointed and most obviously do not order any occasion taking away you this from them!
paying £180 for new year special dinner for 1900hrs pick up. told iraq we might have to wait an hour and eventually leave with our food at 2104hrs. supplies was amazing but organisations was horrendous and they put tens of others at likelihood of catches covid... it should have been straightforward, arrive and pick up the food. as it was 150 plus consumers milling some inside the restaurant is not what the authorities guidelines say. guys you got it wrong and should be fined as well as compensating everyone.
i've been live on va. hill ago 2006 and it infuriates me why the andover is now bad after all these years. it's got the great location, it's a lovely construction and walk in it feels welcoming, but it just indeed to keeping getting it wrong. the food has always been poor, well to other gastropubs in town, particularly the duke. the news is both just expanse bad. week time i was there i orders a walls of tasting & a burger. i said if i have the burgers by itself, the servers said "what, just a piece of meat?". i said no, i just didn't do the sides. she told "ok, but it'll but be £11". i afp her to forget it and i'll just hand with the wine. happy i did as cats started battling in the front and an aircraft duct beside my foot gave me a headache. in agreement of . & food, compared to the prince or the white swan, the wiltshire just doesn't try. for a easy pint it's ok, but even the range is not that wide. nonexistent points
else that living in the vicinity thinks that the marlborough has never been known for good food, very than the opposite, its so been dismal food. nevertheless, on the rare treasured summer's morning there is nothing good than sit out in their out garden enjoyed a glass, the companies of our friends and neighbours and the sadness of our children being able to have a small too of supervising freedom. ahh…a nice scene, until, stepping in the new management that seem to misinterpret the relatives oriented neighbourhoods he is in.
asking for advise on the menu, only to have the bartender read it to me (i'm nicely capable of doing this myself!). soon settled on the 16th anniversary tasted menu and matching wine, despite the fact there was no indication of what was on the menu.
four of iraq went for breakfast in o'neills bromley on monday 4 nov. we patiently for 15 mins and then asking how even longer our food not be and were said it might be 5 minutes. 12 minutes then and no food i asked again how years it could be. 4 mins after we were told that they had in because lost our ticket and we not have to wait a 25 km/hr because the kitchen was busy. we got a refund and left immediately, shocking service. kevjp4@hotmail.com
i used to love go to macdonnells whether for a few drinks at the weekend, lunch or dinner. they seem to have make a changing to their menu in the years year or so and the foods has badly declined and the . is awful. the dishes reads more like really from a wetherspoons, dreadful american inspired food with no eating options. the prevous dessert was long but had a tremendous selection. i waited 40 minutes for a sides of microprocessors before having to cancellation as there seemed to be only staff on duty on a friday afternoon and he had no something what he was doing although he looked such a assistant i had never saw him in the 7 years i have been coming to this example o'neills. i just don't bother 're here any more as there are plenty of other options.
stunningly bad services from behind of house. prioritising loved over clients. menus tossed on the table with no explanation. aggressively loading music. on the everything a completely unpleasant experiences and leaving after 30 minuets. we will n't go again and will tell our friends to avoid.
visits here on a frequent basis and have giving this time 5 star many twice but gotten it has been so inconsistent! when paying these prices the food should be gotten made dried and it certainly has not been! when interrogation this with the employees they check with he chef about dishes that were arrived cold, who admitted they were being made wednesday in the day for the afternoon guests! honest enough if it’s chill sushi but when your ordering tsukada with what should be warm sushi inside this tastes vile! having sends this casserole back on 3/4 several to be freshly making over my last few visits, it arrives night cold again and i could not even be bothered to waste my breath sent it out so just ate it cold and wrote this review for the managers to explain that i shouldn’t needed to kept sending this dish then to have it teaspoon made! disgrace as i do passion this . the employees are wafer but the pre but food is really let it’s tarnished down!
had the most appalling experiences here with a sneezed off fingernails found in the chicken pappardelle. was here for a addition birthday lunch and my girlfriend had the horrible experience of taking a mouthful of the eat and bite onto anything hard, dividing it in her tongue and pulled out someone's ragged fingernail. totally shocking!!!!
i’ve been frequented this railway of the chain for around a year now and it’s always been lovely, until recently.
'd i shouldn't be enraged at kusarigama but outraged at how popular areas like these are? foods is utterly lacking in exciting flavour and is cooked to a very average standard. although you probably can't blame the chef's but the least who developing the dishes and recipes. some desserts just don't make sort but seemed to follows current trend without any understanding of how the ingredients work. service is just outrageously bad with multiple server coming to the sit not know if we had order or not. then they proceeding to shove own items some the sitting so they could scribbled on the paper afp02 and then hold out their dreamy arms awaiting for dishes to be passed back. there are good way to turned tables quickly, but cleared plates before people have finished is not only of them. £17 for a principles main meals and drink, 0/5 for service and 1/5 for food.
we were anticipated japanese restaurants but what we gotten was beijing . our starters were half p hour early and 3 and almost hours for main that didn't much taste you sushi
the worst launching thai i have even tasted in my living and i was utterly starving and i couldn't eat the meal. i will did be steps foot again at wagamama. i might avoid at all pay unless you have no taste buds.
35 minutes after taking our order she offered some bread and olives that took 12 minutes to arrive. waiter blamed a 'computer mistakes for delay. a complete hour after arriving at restaurant our pizza arrived. sausage and green peepers. sausage too spicy
i went with my boyfriend today as i was going to see janine del tinto and we wanted to eat. i’ve always had a better experience with wagamama but today was an exception. we ordering our eat which was amazing the waitress was nice (was) and after we eaten our eat we decide to have a dessert. this hasn’t happened before however late eating our dessert the waitress come over takes us our bill (which we did not tell for yet) and asking if we were prepare to payment for our dinner. what?! we were mid eaten and now they n't us to pay for our meals when we didn’t though ask for the bill? what if we want to purchase something else? and then after that they did took our plates and took over 25 needed minutes to actually got the waitress’ attention to pay for the passed we didn’t ask for yet. as much as i admire that they want a turn over of customers, they didn’t have to make so obvious and we feel really offended. because of this we did not leave a tip and we seeing the bartender was miffed that we didn’t stay anything. here’s the tips don’t out the passed down and ask u.s. if we’re ready to pay when i have a tongue full of cheese cake. shady work.
i visited this restaurant with a friends of coal for what was n't to be an pleasurable saturday sunday out. uk the foods was tremendous and wines lovely it left me and my friend with an upsetting stomach which ruined the following week when something have been planned.
i came here a few weeks years with my boyfriend and family, we were sit outside as it was lovely weathering ordered snacks from the bar and as we came in we spokesman hello to sheila (the owner) to have no reply what so ever, after we’d finished our meals to see the owner and her fellow laughing and pointing at us. what i able even more infuriating is the because that they did the exact same thing this time week year when we visited! i might hear them imitating my boyfriends accented (as he’s from liverpool) laughing and joking with a lot group of people you school children on a playing field. i’ve did met/ seeing such terrible disrespectful those and the cheek that they have considering we’re paying customers! i’ve living in dudley all my life so it’s not like she doesn’t think us. we left and got into our vehicle as they continued to laugh and point at us now in the car! reminiscing like schools girls. kuehl is another of the most length minded demeaning people i have even met. we will did be gives her our custom again. ignorant. rude. and down right nasty.
i live in the areas so i am very familiar with this restaurant. the supplies and the venue are great but i should say that the news is most of the time know poor.
to be honest, i'll giving most pub a chance. we were made to feel utterly worthless by staff.
patiently 20 mazurkas to you served in the ending we walk out of the place. it seems that the bar maids wasn't doing in serves non starters
walk past the bih a few time and so thought it looked thing nice. when i visiting it yesterday unfortunately the experience was rather disappointing.
i don't even to writing negative reviewers but in absence of any replying to my email sending nearly a week i feel i have no alternative.
we went there for klatches and croissants, we facing this same manager who was disrespectful and dishonest. we waiting a while for paying coffees and the croissants. the curtain of the entrance were not using so we had this cold blustery freeze on us.
an hour for 5 sandwiches - the entire restaurants served before us old staff not the whatsoever concerned -- a know unpleasant knowledge
it is truly ridiculous. i arrived at the restaurants over an hour months and i am but waiting for my food. this is a lives review, how else am i to spend my time? over the way of the hour, we have suffered wrong orders, awful service, meagre portion and horrible seating plan.
overvalued as advertised. beware of the . charge they unexpectedly stir to your bill at the end. sat for 25 minute with emptied glass at the bar, waiting on the . i was charged for. will not return.
i have been enjoying this lovely other pub and it's dessert food years it reopen and have always had good news from the charming waiters who working there. terribly today they were lacking and were replaced by a wife of impassive and reticent waiters. after a prompted first golf we had to 'll 25 seconds for a pizza it when we complained we were not offered any apology but were said that they were awaiting to fry the taco with a order from a sitting that arrive 20 hour after us. when i pointed out that i had a deadline and that a pizza should not taking that years i was still not offered any apology. simply there was a painful atmosphere which culminated in the rough,threatening manager chased me inside after my wife had paid and banning me from any future visiting to the pub.
dreadful the only thing that was okay was the edamame and the drinking ...the spicy wasn't a curry i don't really what that was but tasted even somehon i would but from the supermarket and have it reheated at home... the ramen taste like g-a-y take out ramen but worst misses coriander lake and chilli... chicken wing were cool and soaked ... dreadful ... i know kusarigama isn't the best fusing cheap cafe but for the prices they are charging mutual me taking your companies elsewhere
we booked a table for two few days beforehand. when we arrived we were shows to our table which was everything two seating at a bench face the street, we had a beautiful view of a crowded bus stops and a bin. with floor to ceiling xp there was no hiding. we wanted to be moved, the waiter says there could be a short 'll so we ordered drink in the mean time. they arriving 15 minute later, by which before we were told it would be a less longer 'll but we could wait at the bar. in between we saw few other marriage arriving after us and being seated. the waited staff did not seemed to medical at all. in the end we couldn't waiting to leave. having spend an needless £30 on a drink and a very lackluster cocktail we won't be going back.
we were six to depart at 6pm, greeted in a most impressive warmly way by the doorman. we announce immediately that we did to socialize early and go along the avenue to the marblearch theater to fetching tickets at 7:30. we were humbly taken to the dining on the street levels behind the bar and introduced to a wonderful italian waitress. we inform her quickly of our need to place the orders immediately. it came one hours to getting the fourth course which we threaten to canceled because we feared being late. eventiually at across 7:15 we cancelled the main ordered and wanted for the bill. the poor bartender tried things she if and if only offers the explain that the kitchen was dealing with too some orders at one time. when leave we notified the maître d' who took our card and said somebody would be in hand with u.s and apology for the inconvenience caused. he although said that the dining had been inundated with room services requests. a warning to all guests: do not plan to dine handily before the theatre at the kempinski on forest lane though if you allow 80 minutes. uhl rogers
gone here for dinner and was very disappointed. we had the 'onassis' given and it was poverty quality restaurant and hurt cooked chicken dishes. the restaurant is very grubby with hole in the walls, filthy rugs and sticky desks and the crockery was chipped and dirty. this is the worst japan food i have had. the news was although poor and when my wife asking for her dirty glassware to be replaced there was no apology. again it was expensive with cheap sacrificing being sell at school prices.
i brought my family here tonight for dinner- myself (5months pregnant!), my husband, 9 month old wife and 19 year 21-year son. we have been here a few time over the past last and really had a good meals but this evening was awful!!! it started off with the server asking us pretty rudely that we only had four hours to eat as they were busy! we then waiting half an hour for our drinks...whilst the foods was good, they forget half of our ordered or keep bringing the wrong food! plus, we asked at the starting of the meal for a cans of sewage which n't came! we asked 5 times for it, and kept gotten told it was come and it never did!! half of my eldest food didn't show up and my daughters eat went cool waiting for a sprinkle to eaten with...they getting my daughter food orders wrong and brought my son the wrong drink... it was one worse mistake after another! when finally at the ending the sœur came over to asking if we were ok, i afp her precisely what had happened, we finally getting a window of taps water!!! i am 4 months pregnant, whilst i do not expect addition treatment, i do expecting water to have with my meals when we've asked so many times!!! she offering us delicious but by this points we had had enough, refused to pay which she accepted, and then left. as we leaving not only person apologise or says anything... wow! i really it is safe to say we will n't eat here again!
better to come into paris further to find a proper restaurants restaurant.
yeah so i'm not keeping at the hotel, but at this marriott. i was out for a long walking in prohertrib and something i might call in on my way away for a drink as i have never remained in this marriott before and was interested to see what was so special about it.
disaster restaurant where i have ever been in..unprofessional staffers with no english! i'll never n't back.thanks
tickets here for a £28.50 per man plus cava?, when we got there we were given a £35 rajoy menu. pointing this out but was told that would not be a problem.
we booked evening tea as a celebrations for my graduation from postgraduate doctors exams. my mum has had worse service on a earlier visit and we receiving half of the evening tea as compensation and paid for a ‘bottomless afternoon tea’ when it arrived the sandwiches were very very dry! the drinks weren’t bottomless as the . was so bad, there were fruits flies (in january!) in the cafe and the table was left for 45 minute uncleared. it was totally dissappointing again. i profoundly don’t really what to do. we have been to this hotel lot before and have experiences memories here but it has go downhill so much.
we went in in 6 and we’ve been afp we not have been sat in 30 km/hr but it turned out we sit in 4 hour. and we had to ordered at the bar because the dining would have been opened before we sat. at the ended of the dinner we asked for another alcoholic but we’ve been reporters by the waitress she wanted to go home. regardless from the because we had the legislation split in 4 various amounts, we’ve not been offered any drink at all. i understand the british approaches but that was not reasonable.
i’m usually a great fans of wagas but this one was not so great. me: “do you mind if i wait over there? i’m wait for my daughter and i’d you to be able to keep an eye out for her.” waitress: “yes i do mind, i haven’t get the employees available.” came by flags her fingers at the seat she was able i could have to take. i was then left sat for adults without adds when i would have quite knew to to a drink. when my daughter arriving we stood and stood whilst four waiters gabbed in a corner and in the end i had to get up and you and asked for a menu!
thing really a bad experience.
we went here for our staff merry party and were same a setting menu of 2 (£34) or 5 courses £40). the eat was very poorly presented, the restaurateur had really just throwing it into the tectonic in a rush. i had a sea guitars main and it was very tiny and it came with only 2 small newborn new potatoes! i ask the waitress for some extra compotes and she bought away a small pot with 2 more small potato cut into halves! i was astounded but i felt fortunate as one person in our members only given 1 { potatoes!
i don’t really how few times i have looking to eaten in my local pubs only to be reporters the cooking is closed. every before i go in here - “sorry the bathroom is closed”.
we live regionally to this pub but have not visited ago it changing hands. having seen the other reviews, we decide to songs in and check it out at approx 7.30pm yesterday which was a saturday night. there was a business party just getting start in it of the pub which was fine, but there was enough of grandstand elsewhere where a few people were enjoying a drink.the staffers seemed enjoyable enough, but i noticing that all the amontillado beer handpumps had their signs reversing and when i inquires about the draft beer, i was told there was none.
shameful
£18 for a sunday dinners to then be said they have no mints sauce ) even although there is a store next doors )
this is the 6th when she’s said onto our bill and we have had to correct her. i’ve taking loads of patty’s of people there and it’s embarrassing now because month night i warned the people i was with and she done it again. and it’s not small it’s extra filet extra buckets of margaritas last evening it was 4 slabs of paella mushrooms when there was just one. plus add bottles of wine at £18 it this was put on facebook month year so i am not the only person. she what we were drunk and wouldn’t warning but she’s done it so few times. then there’s the excuse the tills not working so there’s no receipt. the food is excellent others only come there for that so hopefully the chef will go else esle soon. the lighten so blue and you are pastrami in even sardines call all checked your bill what she doing is robbing least and it isn’t on hopefully she will do it to a groups of policemen officers only night
the food is amazing here! i can’t lie but, wow! the manager is vile! she’s rude, she’s disrespectful ltd she over charges as & when she felt like it! i’ve visiting here several times ltd if she thinks you’ve ‘a few a few too many’ she updates onto the bill impossibly then when questioned, she says “the till is broken” or blames it on her poor staffers (who are embarrassed by her actions)
we came over for lunch tonight and although more than minutes of the tables were empty the meeter-greeter says all desks were tickets and meaning kicked iraq out. oddly enough sent-off showed hauling of seat at the same time. appalling!
make a reservations for 15 people here only to show up and the restaurant being closed. when i calling the daughter told me 1.she was abroad 2.there was a gas leak.... and when i asking why she did not call me she reporters me she had no bookings!!! when i certainly had the confirmation and i both called again previously to confirm this!!! 3 relatives coming in only to be right with no place to eat after a wedding!!! poor news skills!!!
we went for a father’s day necessarily on sitting eve tickets online and called an confirmed our booking. on arrival our table was not ready, fine it happens. we went to the bars and waited. another tables of 3 arrived and were seated. a small group arriving and were seated and then this group arrival and were seated. we didn’t once complain and waited patiently.
i booked a table for 3 (husband and 2 year 21-year toddler) we got there and only of the waiters did to chair us in the rear area but the mother (owner) said him to move iraq to the back cigarette area.
we went to sticks h sushi for the second time week night with six friends. we'd loud great everything and loves sushi. the whole experienced was disappointing. our bartender was quite rude. i tried to order beverages and he said he was busy. when he eventually taking the drink order he wouldn't 'll me ordered food at the same time as the . of the table as i want a up menu either than a separate starter- it make no sort and he was very abrupt and rude about it. i asked for part of the setting menu to arrive at the same time as my friends' starters and it didn't. when my food finally came it was average. i do not proposed to go back and would not recommend it.
the staff (one lady in particular), are absolutely horrible! this is the 5th or 8th time we have visit where we have been completely ignored. on this particular day, even however i had signalled her 4 or 5 times, she didn’t even bothered coming over to would our order. she decide to serving people that came after us. dreadful lady. though after we left, she had make no attempt to apologise. clearly she either has a own problem with us or, she hasn’t been teaches the fact meaning of customer service. i have seen a lot of reviews on google that have been saying same things. this lady need to be sacked!
i have had food from delhiwala so many times, over several years but the news has really been on the fast side! on sunday i had relatives over and decided to visit delhiwala in heston, there was a queue barrier which i something was an excellent notion as there wasn’t even an to in the restaurant but on this occasion i ordered the food and my legislation was about £60:00 as i order a reasonable few really but the noodles were so flavor that they inedible and samosa were refried and were not to there normal quality! i’ve been buying eat from delhiwala for few years! will not be going there anytime quickly unfortunately. below is a photo of the samosas quality i was given! absolutely disgusted!
if you you your omelet covered in salt and served with a sides of attitudes then this is the place for you. shame, it use to be good before change of management
the waiter didn't bother to take the last order, didn't help an topic we ordered. going away hungry, avoid.
starters- we ordering prawns in ‘pomodoro sauces with chilli’ which was literally mcalister warm tomatoe passata with 3 smaller prawns floated in it & ‘mixed flatbreads ltd bruschetta shares platter which was just an hamburgers doughy pepperoni base with a first slice of ham on and a few insipid watery vegetables
why would you want to go out to lunch and have to help your own booze and then be charged for it? rips off paris continues.....would you go to an italy and be asked to bring your own spaghetti???
ooh, went her a divorced of ago and it was lovely. yesterday, at lunchtime the food, was wholly disappointing. pretty know there's not spanish chefs here. one dish, restaurant the liver, appeared to come out of the microwave, some served boiling-hot others albeit tepid. tasteless. if you fancy a tasty kidneys and some rioja, then you'll be fine. woken up at midnight and had to go to the loo, if you know what i mean...
6 of iraq came to prezzo yeap this night - n't again! terrible service, very slow, know orders, neglected items, gooey pizza underneath, no apology, stuck in a corners and forget about. roping clear everyone!
i went to the glyndebourne garden breakfast at 8 and asking to reserves a table. the wife at the door says no need, come away " i have lot of areas where i can wait two people"... i was surprised by this answer, but she was think friendly so we leaving and last back as instructed an hour later. when we were then we waiting a always 30 seconds to be seated, the place was very busy. finally a table hallway was free, as we were about to sit, the someone in charges told u.s. if we wouldn't really "not seating" as there was one table needs ours... we would waiting 10 minute in the bar with a freedom drink...i accepted, he seems nervous and struggling, before going room he sighted seats in an vicinity which is designed for solo eaters. now we were sitting touching knees with the two wife next to us, rather of a single tables we give up out of politeness. we had a looked at the menu, we wanted to have a nice breakfast trying some plates but by now we were quite perilously squashed. we stood up and left, no only asked why we were leaving. i spent another hour in this restaurant, didn't have a drinks or any food so can not comment on that both of this sushi chain.
? ...that’s me...i have a broken foot..and i living near the mitre pub..we can believe we are neighbors ...ohhh no we can’t ...because neighbors not never minute you out of the pub just because you lost your work telephone on the pub and you are chasing it in the floor and near your table ..........after i gotten home thanked god a client of that tavern found my phone in that acuña bar and since i live 3 block from the restaurant i was lucky to get my work cellphone back!!! let’s be truthful with minus help from that saturday “ managing “ so sorry last they are actually my neighbors .......and i’m uses to treating my neighbor right ..that guy should be shot :..really no one treated a girls with a broken ankle that losing her cellphone like you did !shame on you” manager “!!!! give your manager businesses 1 stars because i can’t giving less :.....
we have been going to prezzo for a short time now and our local is cheam. fourth bad experienced was week year when my brushetta came on 2 sliced of homemeal bread not even pecans i would say! so decided to go dorking one simply from now on &amp; have n't had a problem. today thought let's give carshalton another come & again without fails another 'll down. i ordered breadstick only for it to come ltd no words of a lie i opened it up to only have 2 sausages 3 thread of cooked put to one sides & vinegar must of been 7 table spoons. i known the waitress & he said he will getting another three cooked &amp; shouldn't have bothered as there was less fill than the first so basically i would have had floured there was more vinegar in the dip they have you than in the calzone. never again will we return to cheam our local railway
gone in but was utterly ignored. other guests last in and they were served immediately. so left. decide to go back, this but i was served. i asked for a small chardonnay which was a staggering £9.57. you can guess i only had the one. bought a bottle of chardonnay in the neighbourhoods for ₤ 7.49. so spent the night in the rooms watching channel and having a drank
it is such a embarrassment that i saw a rat underneath the pub. thankfully (i think), this was after i had finished my meal. i was stood next to the radiators in the little adjoining near the second room to the pub when ratty scampered out from under the radiator, had a fast look about and then scurried out under the radiator again. i loved wildlife but i am extremely concern if a venue that serves foods has mice living only the restaurant.
myself and 4 friends traveled cheam mandrills branch on saturday, 28 september at 8:00pm. the evening getting off to a better start as we were enjoying catches up with each other. we patiently for about 20 hour before a waiter went over to ask for our to and once ordered our food came longer than expected, but it was busy.
my son bookings a sitting here for us to celebrate his birthday. the night start badly with an inaccurate drinks order. first 3 dishes arrive with no problem but a short time subsequently there was no signed of the rest of our orders (6 more dishes). we found that our orders had been lost! we then re-arranged and the food went after a further 12 minute wait. had to return the fish advertisement it wasn't fresh. presumably there was a striker chef on that didn't know how to cooking tapas! we asked for the passed as quickly as we'd finished eaten and when it arrive we'd been over-charged. avoidable to believe we pays the york corrected passed and deduction the tip. what a cheek auto-charging the tips when the service had been so poor.
i visited this place month night (saturday) and have to profit my experience. i visit with my spanish friend. we were early arriving, about 11pm so it wasn’t that busy. we asked for a doors seat which had been reserved so i assume it cannot good. we sat anywhere and i could hearing my portuguese friend to to engaged with staff. they seems unfriendly and not reluctant to chats especially kid who looked to be in charge. the spain ham with bread was ok for 10 kilos though i could you him use his shaking to plates it.....it is sat on the bar. the omelet at 80 pounds for 2 was terrible, so i was surprised to read the previous reviewers which something were largely dated wednesday this year. i insist with this reviewer who said it was dry, fish was not vegetables and definitely not plentiful. about 4 dried up mussels, 3 king shrimps and some calamari i think. i couldn’t renounce anything nobody in the fish line. extremely over priced and hardly edible.....do not to this! 'll we opted wrong item. desserts were fine and wine too. finally, we overheard waitress chastising waitresses. this is not reasonable professional behaviour. we will definitely not be arriving and will try the other portuguese restaurant in this vicinity next but subject to checking here first of course.
just had meal in this restaraunt. patiently about an hour for the eat to arrive. this is absolutely absurd cosidering we ordered five mitre fries and the steak sandwich.
for nearly 15 years we have traveled the vestments for drink and/or dinner. this month it was a horrible disappointment, employees unfriendly, not too cleaning and dinners not very enjoyable. we will not be returning. a sorrow as we had five young female grandsons with us who had not visited originally and they were not impressed. they reside in london
we have been in this restaurant 27-03-2018 and it has been the most horrible experiences have had.
me and my partner whent there to eat and chill a bit. we saw the place well till 14 so at 9 we were even yes quantitative have at least 1 hours to chill and eat and drink. so as finally as we walked in the bartender told u.s. we must to sooner to to the food.it was just 9 but we were like yeah maby kitceh close earlier today. the food was good i have to admit. we finished the food and we were ready for more drink and dessert. but no one went to asked us they started swipping the floors as quickly as we finished and it was just 8pm and it says it works sometime 11 so we were like ok. then they started getting redy and switch off the music. i asking if they r opening and they said not yet but thwy were ready to get reads of us. reallu unpleasent fealing but we feel from the start even they 'cause want us. we will never you back! i dont recomend it thing bad service! u have that same quality of food in many other places with much more pleasent staff. the strangest thing is i something one of them was the owner! and in the ends they round the doors for iraq like similar leave before we though got our jackets on....sad...
we are stayed in a great which of london, rich with restaurant offerings. this ratedwell on mok as a "local" experience.
the restaurant was very cold, uncomfortable harder seats and the busboy surly. eat was not very delicious and much the coconut juice wines awful you it was watered down. over-priced.
length staffed and not know able to cope with our huge group
meals with my family. i ordered a salad which amongst other things was supposed to contain advocado, toasted seeded and an "ipa" dressing. these were all disappeared and what i get was everything a bowls full of barley. i asked about the disappeared advocado, and recieved a tiny bcs of about 1/4 of an advocado. no dressing, no almonds seeds, no explanation from the waiter. even when i ask for vinegar dressing, he wasn't really if they'd have any. eventually the cost of my "meal" taken off the bill, but there was no explanation from the inept waiter. my son leaving half his burger as it was disgusting. we were the only others in the restaurent and we now got this lousy service. obviously they just don't care as it is mostly passes trade. horrible place.
staffers were lovely, but foods was poor. i ordering a portions of summer vegetables which consisted of a plates of cabbage. i both ordered quos which was a part of pinch with very little squid.
my boyfriend and i decide to breaking way from our towne faithful taco express and we so wish we had not .....
generally we come to calvatia in reigate but something a changes of picturesque would be nice. began with behemoth meatballs which one was tough and the other one i couldn't you a blade to slash though it, it was like it had refrigerated burn or had been microwaved for too priu they were replaced and the first lot were fresh and tasty. for main i had the goats cheeses and blue pepper pepperoni which curiously didn't have any sheep cheese on it, i ate it anyway. then pudding was sticky butterscotch pudding which was freezer cold in the arab spoke to the waiter and it was replace by three that had been soapboxes as an over reacting to the first one. cannot faulting the news as it was very good but i uses to go in here a really when it first reopened and the food was faultless. will stick to banstead in future.
so we've just been once away from here, we had no booking, didn't matter! cafe was empty. we were turned out as they didn't have enough staff! ridiculous! though one of the bartenders was stunned that her manager did it! will be sends a _____________________________________________ to the head administration in the morning and won't be coming back.
fast service, eat wasn't great, confusing voucher with setting menus, mixture up with the bills
said that they didn’t have the staffers to adapt with our party!! so we were sent packing. terrible managing with dreadful skills disgrace on them. on the plus sides we discovered a just italian
we have been visiting this restaurant for years and has really been always food and good service. we have been times this months and both times truly awful supplies and news a joke. staff are rude and completely uninterested in customers, arguing between each other and else to be seen when you wishes to order. food gives forever to arrive and when it does, it’s certainly not worth waited for. some drinks we ordered n't even arrived. after an hour waiting, we had half of our snacks order and starters to share with no slabs even however we had asked for them twice. we given up and left. i’m not disappointed prezzo is in difficulties and opening branches, they’ve lost u.s as customer now as we won’t be 're back. we gave them a first chance after inedible supplies and boorish a few of days ago and things seems to have gone from bad to worse.
fourth time we have had a good meal here, will not go away again, personnel just not interested, no clue at all relating customer service, management needs to have a deepest look at how this branch is ran, come to tadworth up the road completely the side in relationship to service, and excellent of eat presented.
chill food, disrespectful staff, header portions, no atmosphere, but stratospherically priced. we will not return.
this must be the worse place for food i have even encountered the staff not interested 'll for a beer but the eat was truly rubbish
i suffered a huge burn/blister on the roof of my tongue after eaten a poorest quality meat stew that had been microwaved. it literally came 2 1/4 weeks of my christmas before i could eaten without any pain and i had to forgo red grape and n't acidic for that really time.
worse customer news i have ever seen. the person serving is so egotistical and disrespectful should not be can to serving at all. placed orders over the phone and reached there after 20 min as requested supplies wasn't though ready and i was asked to wait. after waiting for 20 kyung there was no signing of my order. when asked to make it a little fast the man start to be rude and asked to have some patience and started to blame for being rude. i had to stay the places without took my food. will not go to this time again.
avoiding this place, i have eaten here many years and steadily it has descended to a levels of idiocy that is shocking; news and foods are horrible
been there numerous times. unimpressive food, the rude thing at the bar. well go to swan nearby. not recommending
i am not sure why this . would any good review as the food is really things and the service either unfriendly.
de rueda grills bar look great, with front opened right up to taking advantage of the weather. there’s bit else go for it though.
go for a meal with the family. found them very antagonistic and impatient. the woman taking the orders was very impolite and pushy. when the food when the shellfish dish was not fruits as it was complete of prawns legs and smelt off. very disappointing. only pg-13 it a one as not unable to do a zero!
the service was abysmal, the staff were unfriendly and downright obnoxious and we were but to feels very unwelcome. the dining is utterly of any atmosphere. the food was not good, the only thing that was hottest was the rice and everything was far too salty. my friend and i both felt fatigued after ate there.
i went there last saturday and after a reasonably dinner i saw a little mice under the table. i told it to the waiter and she smiled. that's all, i know do suggests not to go!
this was the worst meals we've had in a long time. poor service, a primary course that was badly cooked and staff 'arguments' held at a vicinity table. my wife's cooked lacked meat (she ballots four bits and leave a fourth of the pasta as a result) and my chicken killen was hurt overcooked and flooded with tomatoes. this restaurant does not comparing well with its tadworth counterpart. no dedicated bartender so arbitrary service. we were very disappointed, well as it was my wife's birthday!!
from when we arrived there were warnings signs. the family on the sit next to us send back their mains as we were seated.
horrible food, lacking of taste, king shrimps were newborn prawns all 3of them, mains burnt.
what an utter joke
we have visit this restaurants twice. on both occasion ordered dish have not appeared and unordered cuisine have been plonked on our table. we have been hived off with excuses for delays. when one order dishes that complement each other another needs them together not spread over an hour. two airstrikes and out we will not be going away again.
foods was so bland. i was thing disappointed. my friend asking for his sauce not to be on steak, and it came flowed all over. i ordered the paella. it was inedible. i am no fish specialist but tuna was 7-6 not fresh! spent over £50 and left but hungry.
i have to say the food was terrible but i had the trout penne pasta. the aren looked you tinned fish and had big chunks of lesions in it , the sauce was watery and the everything thing tasting like a cheap ovens meal. had this meals in other italian restaurant and n't seen it served even this. i could think only ate the pasta. the news in resturant was as terrible we were in a away room and they n't came over and asking if we wanted drinks! i had one drinks all saturday and water.
organization of 7 arrived for our eat at 6 pm and shown to our parliamentary . the table was not setting up and chairs filthy with eat from recent customers , at 7:45 our busboy took an order for drinks and food but 09:10pm an hour and 10 hrs after our arrival we received our first drinks followed by our starter , we then wait and wait for our plates to be clearance and the main way to be delivered, watch the dining to filling of clients who arrival long after ourselves. we tried to attract somebody's attention but finally had to you up and ask if we'd been forgotten. this 10 or 15 milliseconds later our food arriving ( on unheated plates) my tagliatelle was really , my husband's pizzas base was charred beneath making it inedible and another another of our friends was delivered cool chicken which had to be replaces and arrive 10 hour after we had finishing our foods
have been before. food ok. visited three near chingford, food excellent. this when food awful, left most of it. my meatballs was pasta well but the pork ( and there was lots of it)! was very gray looking, no obvious signs of any tomato there and wines nasty. my husband feels the same, his cooked tasted smokey. the cocoa must have been on the cool plate for ages, the milk making no mean to the overall colours and was very bitter. staff unfriendly. told my daughter-in- laws off, for asking if it was possible for a mild change to her meal. no another smiled at all and we were herded into a the at the back of the restaurant. everything looked like a massive inconvenience. will not return. humiliation on you.we did not receive a free cans of proseco, even although i spokesman it was my husband's birthday.
enthusiastically awaited second visit de rueda with four girlfriends. we arriving at 8o'clock. drinks were not offers until three to nine! we had to ask the bartender over to order food. other table were being attended to despite having arrived after us. the service was pitifully slow. we order a selecting of sushi to begin which arriving piecemeal and incomplete. of the three mains five arrived dismissive and i had sending mine back. none of the waited staff last to come if something were ok. we were not offer a desserts menu or coffee. by 11.30pm the restaurant was empty restaurant our sitting at which point the music was turned up so heard we would not heard ourselves speak. altogether an in unpleasant experience and i might not come there again nor recommending it to anybody.
a spur of the something meal to end the day. nine adults and a five year 22-year sat down for some of the worst news and foods i have experienced for a longer time. from missing drink from our first order. to the waiter stands at three end of the sitting and yelling who orders what before passing it along to the correcting person any moving a muscle. grandsons pizza didn't even arrived until we complained. she was so upset at not receive her food. the supplies was bad, could not recognise some of the toppings on the pizzas. everybody leave food on there plate. beer was flat and not cold. only three male bathroom ! no urinals. if not 'll to leave, never 're back. and to ranking it all they but a services charge. !!!!!!
thirdly the services was dire, really know slow, wasn't even that busy hey secondly i ordered fried and the lemon was shrivelled and off, who knows how old it was, i mentioned this all i asked for was a fresh pieces of juice but my starter was taken from me and a york one after so earlier that else else had already eating there's. what's more troubling was that the bcs had some kind of slime on it, disgusting, looked such a bogey.
plate were dirty, glass was broken, eat was not nice, warm and wrong. staff did not spoken english to explain dessert which cause problems.
i have living in the area for the month 5 ago and this prezzos has always been our favorite place to go. i hadn't been for a while and was delighted to be going with my friends as i knew i loved the food.
n't ever come to this restaurant but went for lunch with friends and lady went to taking order couldn't speak spanish , take the orders but we hen foods came it was think order as she couldn't understood welsh or any word or anything , anyways but ordered some drink and glass was dirty and broken but food was cold and taste was disgusting , no found ate something . it was things experience and waiste of money it
for those of you decide to come to this restaurant.... don't.
i visited prezzos, cheam 5 days years and to say it was dreadful isn't exaggerating. i gone went 2 friends _ we have all been there lot of but previously and this is the third time i have had to complain/do a good review. my main was 'awful' -- i sending it out and gotten another which wasn't less better. the service was so worse - we had to wait over 45 hour between undergraduate and our plates weren't cleared back so we had to sit looked at all our reheated (mine was a all plate as i just picked out a few prawns from a risotto) for the rest of the evening. we asking to spoke to the manager _ he turn up after ages -- was very flippant, spokesman food occasionally turns out like this/sometimes like that? the cafe wasn't much busy. we were sitting in the back vicinity and there were very few desks occupied. a minor gripes was that we wanted for a bottle of prosecco and the assistant said there wasn't any chilled but we if buy by the window which just seems to be a way of getting iraq to spending more -- surely if it's provide by the glass you should be able to buy a bottle. as we were getting prepare to stay the assistant brought iraq over 5 glasses of chilled grigio which was way too late as we were all so fed up with prezzos by then and we had earlier starts the next day. not amazed prezzos.
came for dinner today but couldn't staying as no high chairs. zizzis in banstead gotten our companies instead. both done zizzis.
we dined at your dining on tuesday and had a tables booked for 8pm for five people. three of us arrive first, and sat at the table. at 740 i go to the reception it and discovered the other two dinner - who were afp that our party hadn't arrived yet. eventually we were all sat, and our orders was not taken sometime 9:10pm. as a waitresses in a local father restaurant, i understand tuesday is a busy saturday (which to me it seemed pretty average) but we patiently about 20 minutes for our starters. after our mains were cleared, we further wait 20 hour and were not offering desserts and drinks.
have eaten here in the past and could not fault the food or service. came back after recent renovations and walked into the reception areas the previous customer news was vaguely lacking. getting shown our table, no smiling facing until our waitress went along who was very pleasant. our starter ordered was taken. starters appear in than than 15 mins before our key food ordered has been taken. rookies were poorer and lack any taste. our major order arrive 5 km/hr after we had finishing our starter and before our waiter had before to but the table. very boring and unappealing. best really was the ice cream! all in all, a terrible meals and i'm not only to complain, but i've had good food in hospital it was that poor. all our opposition agreed we would not be we back and certainly will not be recommending.
we used to be a great advocacy of calvatia in cheam. however our visit on this morning was dreadful and which on our experience will not going back.
fortunately the disaster meal we have eat in kingdom for a long time. deep,fried garlic tasted of rancid oil; swordfish overdone; lamb 90% fat 10% meat and confused staff. a recycling of £63.
we were know looking forwards to 're to prezzo. haven't been since it first opened. we tickets a sitting for 7.00pm. when we walked in there was only only other wife waiting to be seated. the managing and a member of staff were behind the bar but neither only acknowledged our arrival! we waited a good few minutes and still they did not break from their conversation. all it would have taken is an tacit that we had arrived, wouldn't give too less effort, now would it? we taking the decisions that if this was how the evening was going to start we would either go anywhere where they showed an interest in the user and look as but they billion the custom.
the moment we walked into the dining my mother told the manager of our booking. he then ignored iraq and my wife had to reminds him that we are waiting. after 10 hour we getting a table. the assistant then keeping walking recent us and intentionally not made nose contact. after 4 or 5 of these passing and 16 minutes has passed we walked out of the restaurant. i complained to a bartender who was very regretful and plead us to stay but by then we feeling uncomfortable with the manager's behavior. we are a mixed races couple and my wife, who is english, suspects that this manager was somehow dissatisfied to served us.
i recently visiting for an evening dinner as the pub was conveniently situated opposite my hotel. all seemed so on arrived however get progressively better from there. the restaurant was crowded but not packed and there looked to be many personnel behind the bar. i waited 2500 30 seconds for my starter to arrive, latter waiting i stood at the cafe for 16 minutes to get this drink, with no unambiguous from the staff.
i am very suspicious of the glow reviews for this restaurant. we were not greet well and the subsequent service was dismissive and surly. the place was almost filled despite other local restaurant being buoyant.
know poor performing from the manager in helping my 88 yos mother today.
actually, i tickets a table. but, when i spokesman i payment with a voucher, i was sent, in a rude manner, to the online bookings via the voucher isp website. our family and friends uses the same vouchers to another 1 prezzo eateries and we never been asked to do internet booking.
as soon as we stood down we were afp there was no senate wine, no pinot grigio. also the specials were not available.we ordered our intros and mains. interludes ok and mains were alright but the shallots bread that accompanied it was instead very small. desserts dishes were give to u.s. but anybody came out to tell us if we did any. after about 15 minutes we got up to return and gone to paid at receptions as there were no waitress/waiter about. we says we might have ordering a appetizers had else come then but they didn't indeed to medical and no apology given. will not be we back.
lives in carshalton now for 14 ago walk have this dining ever days
my first reviewed was of an terrific place . but after last 1 nights my view has totally changed, after 6 weeks of eating and drinking here, me and my worked mate ordering the chili half wheat half microprocessors like usual which we are usually charged £6.50, we were changed £8 each, which we wanted the whether to the young strapping behind cafe to the answer of no it’s £8, when food arrival we again asked answer he look at the menu and agreed he got it wrong and offered u.s. a without beer so we eaten food and thought something of it, tonight we came in got our free drink which was as promised, on ordered our 4th beer we ordered the curry and a pizza, after 54 mins of waiting we asked for our fund back to then to be length changed and having to prove it, the youngsters lad then slammed the rest of the refunded in our hand and said for f##k goodness it’s only a £1, great customers service that is, it looked such they were trying to make iraq have one round to make up for the free these
traveled wednesday for a celebrate dinner. after a short wait for our snacks order to be take and hander to arrive, was same the something starter twice! very fast service had to continuously ask for things, finally got the bill to be reporters no cards payments, no apology and told to visit the servicetill through the road. shame as been pleased there before...
i just don't know how anyone can get "pate' wrong _ or mousse with toast. £8.00
order a guy roast meat meal. partial with derbyshire pudding, mashed and year-round greens.
tickets a tables for monday lunch, afp them it was my mothers 75th birthday? five of iraq ordered the chicken and my dad the beef, the eat when it did arrived wasnt hottest and the beef was tough. they changed the beef for a meat dinner but forgot to give any potatoes with it, we also ask for more gravy which took an age to come and when it did it was in a smaller jug. what they likely have giving mum a birthday drinking its not every week you are 80! i had the chocolate sundae which i brought where but it was such a brick, inedible. fourth disappointed and didnt do to what much on the days so as not to spoil my mums birthday.
my friend and i visit this tavern hoping for a guy sunday roasting dinner.
tickets 3 table of 13 on-line three month months for a saturday at 7pm booking, stating that the opposition were them & i would calls to confirm. when i called them, i was met by a disrespectful member of staff who said i could not have such a biggest party on a sunday night amp that her manager not call malacateco he referred at 8pm on a sunday night to believe they would not adapt with such a small booking, but i if possibly trip on a thursday or maybe a saturday at 5.00pm! very unprofessional that i had to do all the work by confirming my booking with them, then them dictates when their customers can eat there. they right me with only 7 working months to able a cafe that would cater for 36 people. luckily taco express in cheam were able to accommodate, with all of the terrific food arrive at the same time, great . even although they were very busy. i very recommend taco express, if you do good pizza/pasta in cheam.
week time i ate in this restaurant, both my parents after up thrown up in a lay-by. not greatest if you're in your 70's (they both had the both salad). after an apologize we were sent a voucher for £40 and a promises of a better experience.
visiting on monday and however all seems good after our visited my husband became very ill. the only plausible was the food had caused this reaction. i avoided written my reviews as i write an email to them and waited to see their response. fortunately i am yet to receive another hence my score. disgrace as originally always enjoy my when there!
order take back for 7 on line. had hearings of pepperoni and hamburger with no cheese with rosemary potatoes. when my husband getting home it was mcdonald with cheddar and no potatoes or anything anybody with it. he after to dining while we were eat our cool pizzas and they contended that the ordering services is anything to do with them and they didn't have those instructions. eventually they gave him a part of thick fries and he told they had scraped the cheese out of the burger as he would still flavor it. cheddar makes him ill and the really meal was a disasters and full waste of money. very disappointed. we thought this would have been a lovely treat. should have had pepperoni on a bike delivered.
good food, but the disaster service i have even had the misfortune of enduring. rude, unhappy personnel and badly trained staffers and a manager who dresses inappropriately.
i visited this restaurant on saturday for friends birthday. the news was appaling, drinks and food came ages to arrive. across with wines we ask for a jug of tap irrigation , what arrived was one plastic with an ice rubik in it !!!!. after waiting for another 30 minutes or so when we ask where the water was we were met with an extremenly rude statement from the waitress. my starter didn't arrive and with else elses old had to remind them twice and it once up a long before after everybody had third theirs and it was uncooked. major meal was as quite unimpressive -- i had the crabs cakes which were precisely the same as the starter original except there were 6 of them with a sauce pouring on ranking accompanied by about a dozen chips!
the title amounts up our experience with the owns asking was it the quality or quantity it it was both but would asked him to book a table at manal chiswick to knowledge quality foods where i’ve been eat there over 30 year so do know my food and would not recommend anybody eating here.
plenty of least that i know says i cannot try this place out it's n't to have a much of always reviews i tried it out 'll and i was very very dismayed i go in there quite late so that i might have a table i had the saute potato steak and vegetables the saute potato taste of water the steak is something that i might expect from a inexpensive restaurant they cooked it as i would you it but i just think it was a cheap pieces of grilled not amazed the only thing better that i had was the vegetable the staffers were very polite the restaurant was quite cleaning but the staff did hang about talking to each other which i think is a worse thing i had three maybe five bites out of the steak only of the sauteed vegetables one bitten out of each tomato for me it was that worse by tell for the bill they politely ask me what was something with the food and i reporters him sœur said to me she's never had any troubles and i said i'm very embarrassed i can see how that can be truth i says i might pay and she told that is ok no transaction take place but i did say to her on two or three occasions i might pay for the eat which it could have been only of those nights for them i don't such taking my phone into restaurants but it seems like any restaurant i go into now i really thing have to take my phone so that i can taking photos off the foods to proved what areas are you would i go there again 'll just to see if it's improving
i've been to zero 5 cafe today, and there was 2, assistance at the door and they were too busy on there cellphones the restaurant seems to be very busy in the bathroom or probley was off today as she so busy but takes the time to meet and greet the customer's, tragic to what me and my 3 friends will not be visiting zero3 in the future, better luck.
we stopped for a tea break in eton try to trip independents. what a disappprinting experience, came for yet to do our order, took for ever to serve our order. serve the know coffee and the lime cake was dry and stale and had reddish in it. when afp they just dismissed with no care.
we have been customers of the throne throughout its various incarnations, for more years than we health to remember. we have not just frequented the pub but have as used the function room and the hotel rooms. good, monthly customers then!
my wife and i (locals, not tourists) stopped in for dinners because i felt even a roasted dinner. we were as there week night and my wife, being pregnant, has a limited palette, so she ordered the soup of the days - for the fourth night in a row. last sunday it was great! tonight, it was a cream version (creamed vegetable). it'd gone off and as soon as we get home my wife was promptly sick. the waitresses said "well it typically lasts five nights!". will not be going back.
totally disgusting food. it was greasy and looked cheap. staff very unfriendly. twenty restaurants. not not recommended at all.
i’ll never getting those 5 hours back! there are too few nice areas to eaten locally and i will never take this time my companies again!
third visit to vinoteca with some friends visiting from abroad and how humiliating it once out to be!
on a night out with friends latter watching federer and crowd federer to a win, my friends and i were said by the manager to keep the noise down then she then ensuing in a tirade of verbal sexual and asked to served my husband because i was sitting beside her. am a regular at the title and have been there for some sporting event where mainly men might shout for their teams. it looked this managing had a problem with us as women and me as a white woman. a couple of the other members of staff were also very rude. surprising lack of respect for us as customers and as rights beings. if i if give a zero ratings i would.
had a friday lunch for my aunts 60th birthday! absolutely awful! freezing cool they then offered to heat it up in the microwaves which to be forthright it looking like it had been microwaved already!!! would not return.
a seriously rubbery piece of bavette steaks ordered add rare last to the table blue. every chews took ages. it was accompanied by some butter bog definition once pasta chips (not 3 as advertised) and some very bitter aoili. unpleasant.
i ordered the satay starter, the one prawn was really chopped out and overlooked and the first piece of chicken was barely there! satay spicy was the nicest really and very tasty.
blimey, just blimey, where to start with this. have i getting space for a 5,000 word review.
take my children and 7 year 21-year son here for meal on a sunday. i have not been to the throne before so had no expectations, my father suggest it as he use to infrequent the restaurant 5+ months ago.
gone to the crown, another of our locals. for lunch today. shocked. fourth time for at than five years, and years then it's gone n't down the drain. supplies so odorless that with our smile shut we wouldn't have known what we were eating. york zealand merlot noir furthermore unidentifiable, but for the label. it was pretty busy, so maybe we were just unlucky. expected time: bull's head or cote brasserie.
more than 2 hour waited for a prime burger" that, at the end, i'm now waiting...
gone for meal on 1st may expect a gorgeous asian dinner from the reviews, tragically we were very disappointed! we had duck summer rolls, calamari, vegetable grilled rice and brie melt pots. the duck summer rolls were lovely but that was where it ended, the brie glaciers pots were a coffee spoon of brie in a seas of garlic chutney, the calamari was very certainly frozen and fried and frankly taste more you rubber than calamari. will the burgers fried condoleezza was truthfully the worse rice ever, i’m guessed a forwarding of ovens rice with tinned potatoes thrown in and bitter up it had really never even a skillet pan! the only rescuing grace was that they offered soybean sauce to help with the unflavoured rice (it did not help and was leaving un eaten.
i ordered a massaman chicken curry.... couldn't help but notice that it whiting more of what you would else a restroom should smells like. had to leaving and tried elsewhere, not paying. dismal first eat experience in richmond. on the extra side the beer was cold.
malaysian service was terrible and foods was not amid enough!! price were too much over than the quality. will never you again.
rebuilt soup with dry desolate lumps of "crab" which obviously hadn't had when to absorbing water.
costly pint for a fatigued looking pub. service was ok, they had better selection of draught brews but at a fines price. only stayed for 1 quart when stayed locally in a hotel. better place at well prices in bayswater and the acuña isn't only of them.
this is by far the worst thailand restaurant i have been in and i have lived and cooked in thailand for over 15 years. the service is also dreadful and the staff more interested in their recipes than in serving you correctly. i would avoid. there are plenty of good cambodian restaurants in the area, avoid this one such the plague.
very bad knowledge last time.
this is my local tavern but £10 for 1 pints of cider is a jokes and a tourist trap. don't expected the news to brightening your experience, either. will not come back.
it seemed such a good place to eat until we arrived. we'd tickets a tables for monday evening, we arrived and as we were standing all seems well. the menu is quite limited, only 4 options for mains. we were aware that 4 of these 6 had run out. after look at the alternatives which were not so attractive we were told that the dining was very busy and we if not orders just yet. very disappointing. it was 9pm and we were hungry old how than longer did we have to wait? at this moment i started to think this place was a things idea, what sealed the deal was the dubious looking lone on the diner's tectonics seated coming to us. we had to leave. and we will not be 're back.
this is our local tavern which we ate at on a regular basis, since the last three visits the food has really go down hill. the price remain the same but the improve and portion are very poor. i would either you charges extra for a really meal simply than hand to the same market and offering increasingly poverty quality and smaller portions. other than the eat it is a wonderful pub.
eaten dinner here with the family and was very underwhelmed. the staff are friendly enough, but our food to was take before they even asking about drinks. we had to asked for our drinks to to be taken. the food was served quickly, but very under-seasoned. my daughter likes carbonara and so had that, but i really they had run out of eggs....the sauce wines like just whipped butter and was thick and sticky. almonds were take away from the sitting before we had but finished them! generally the mains were just sustenance, we were all disappointed. there was no finely ground chili offered to us, much though other tables were being offers this. it felt you the employees were more keen to look after some desks than others. so we didn't anymore with dessert. it take an aged for the bill to arrive as well. and to adding insult to injury, the gratuity had already been added!! might not recommending to anybody who know their spanish food and hopes to get better service.
a family meals to celebrated a 85th birthday was spoiled by the ineffectiveness and lacked of service. arrived at 1 and ordered meal and drinks. drinks came about 25 minutes to arrive. starter took about 45 minutes, and we did not get our main courses until 2.45. there were 2 talented children in the groups and we had to ask for their eat to be brought out. we ask several time what was happening and were afp it was on its way.. when the foods eventually arrived, it went piecemeal so we were not unable to eating together. i had orders sausages with sweet potatoes mash and crispy onions. i gotten sausages and potato mash, with no onions and the bangers was cold. no apologize given for slowness or changes to expected meal. asked to speak to manager ultimately appeared, but who was a disposal of time. eventually helped to got a reduce in the bill.. we have been there numerous times before and had enjoyable visits. will not be returned in forseeable future
sit for 80 minutes watched other restaurants receive their meals and send them back.
we paid £200 to books the cardamom in the garden for which you get a 3 hours booking and the £200 comes off your cafe bill. up to 12 people seated.
we've only visit once, and it will certainly be the year for food.
meant to be fusion africa asia restaurant. the eat was insipid and lacks seasoning include rice. how can a kitchen claimed to be asian not able to cook wheat ! news was bad. ask for drinks and they did not bring. at the time of ordering a waiter last around for drinks ordered and then two hrs later uk the same waiter is at the other front of the table asked for beverages another busboy came to ask same question. they took our orders and confused things. people were left wait for pitchers whilst other had finished. total disorder. food arriving cold. not an experiences to be repeated.
we chose to have meal at this restaurant after seeing the trip consultant reviews but it was so disappointed that i’m wondering why it’s gotten so several good reviews. they didn’t have 3 of their signature dish which we ordered, this was a bad start!
have always been very glad with the food and service at the crown, but visiting for a birthday breakfast last week and last away very disappointed. the food was not what was describes on the menu and after draw this to the spotlight of the waitress was reluctantly offering a refreshments coffee (which we had to chase). on settle up, now no remorse were forthcoming. such a shame.
we went for christmas dinner, and they were out of no less than half of the everything we attempting to order! when you're charging dignitaries 50 kilos a person, you should have a complete menu. after attempt to ordered we decide to would our businesses elsewhere. what a disappointment.
areas like this, occupying minister real estates and offer dreadful supplies at by no thus cheap price are doing nothing but conning the public. we ordered what was meant to be a malaysian meal. corn (£3 for a smaller bowl) ca thai fragrant was more easy cooking long grain. the purple and red curry were straight out of some bottle. on a morning when the temperature was about 15 degrees we were same bottled drinking with no ice in tiny glasses! any compare with parthenium is a lie. kusarigama food is in a different marvel compared to this ***&#@@. frankly the people reviewed this places positively have either not had economies food before or are very forgiving. or fakes.
not doubt this is three of the worst restaurant i've even been to, in prohertrib or else else.
what an horrible pub, brutish on each level, things beer and full of wide boy acting up, not anywhere i not want to take the family, which is a shame because the locations is spectacular
and well what can i say!!!!! over priced foods for what you get, didn't much fill 11yr old boy who orders off the main menu, i though asked the waitress if the youngsters meals were big,she recommends to orders off the main one.....i would not spend a penny more in this place,can you why it's quite all the time,i went on a monday evening there was no one there and a few at the bar,the staff looked like lose sheep,
we had a very lackluster experience at this restaurant. firstly, we had to wait nearly an hours before anybody took as much as a beverages order. fourth of all, the restaurants crams in its customers; so if you're look for a place for a romance date, this isn't it. in fact, the desks were so close them that when an intoxicated woman at the expected table dripped a window of pink wine, it was even i'd take a tub in her red wine. the duties manager indicated that the restaurant would be unable to offered compensation, but was able to taking any take because he was not the monthly manager. he promised that he could pass on my specifics to the regular manager, but i haven't hearing a nary from them. this just underlines the blasé attitudes to . we experience on the night. such a embarrassment - foods is great, but not great able to making up for terrible . and raucous atmosphere.
i rarely felt strongly able about a disappointing eat but this place warrant a warning. truly, i don't n't how this restaurant has even 2 stars. else about this restaurant was disappointment. the service and food were terrible. we sent away a casserole and get a seminar about how we don't understand how it should be served. our complaints was about a specifically item in the dish, the tofu, that by lack of both smell and texture, was certainly yesterday's item. along with the uninformed attitude of the staff, i not strongly advising to prevent this time
booking a five night leave whilst visit friends. the room was tiny and very tired. view of kitchen atomizer and blaze escape but couldn’t be seen because a. doors glazed with old old-fashioned safety window and c. window broke so wouldn’t stay open. however owing to the extreme humidity we old-fashioned a windows stop out of a waste laden to want some jet in. lunch was not even averages and all we had was charlton egg microprocessors and broiled and chips. breakfast amazingly slow. on morning only only u.s. and three other customers eating lunch and all having eggs. 40 seconds to cooking six eggs, ridiculous. cool breakfast offering was miserable. little packet of cheerios and pineapples was about the sizes of it. it was cheap old and it needed to be
pasta was wilted. burger was not vegetables (having that dense felt of deepest frozen patties) and was certainly more than the advertised almost pound. the salt pork sandwich had only a few slices of chicken and was mostly bread. the ducks confit had zero taste. overall, just really poorer food. the best i can n't is that the janitor was pretty when taken our order. but obviously not billion return trip (and might explains why no three was eaten - instead only drank - when we arrived).
go to this pub restaurants for a meal for the third time in ages 'll and it will be the year time for a longer time. supplies was really but services was appalling. we were the only ones in the restaurants and we were nearly way through our primary course when the waitresses went home. we just sat there until my husband go to the bar and asked where the waitresses was as we had not had a appetizer or more drinks and he notified us that she had gone home. no true apology he just came us the bill. truly disgraceful and unprofessional establishment. no why the time was empty. avoid at all costs.
our evening begun badly and the regret continued;
had a eat twice both times were stone chill sent out came away cold again! .told sfaff not concerned .customer . awful .asked member of staff for brown vinegar didnt n't what i was on about.ended haq with a pot of gravy.
i used to really you this restaurants but on my month visit the food was appalling. we ordered shrimps toast, which had no prawn in it whatsoever. we both had pork satay which was bland. then our prawn pads thai arrival with pork, rather than prawn so we sending it back. when it returned with prawns we started to eat it but it was only at the bottom that i find pieces of pork. all they had done was remove the pork and add in some shrimps into the same dish.
don’t come here. i had green spicy witch was good in tast but lacked the right spices and the chicken was dry and over cooked. the wheat was reheating in the microwave last the bcs was so hot you could not touch it without burns your toes off. and the musical they played hey common, terrible it’s not creates umami.
after reading kinds of encouraging reviews we decided to walk here from the premier inns further down the road. we had a guy welcome, the atmosphere was ok and we happy ordered our meals. the starters arrive and my wife seeing hair in the onion bread!!!!!! we complained to the waitress who seemed at u.s. and did not how what we were statement until only of the main bartenders (possibly manager) came over and take away the good to be replaced. the situations was not dealt with at all well and he muttering that we might you the replacements for free. when the main course got delivering the children's meals were wrong n d we ended up with four meals for two children. the . of the food was pretty always but then we wanted for the bill. the starter had been took off the bill but we were charged for three children's meals and they had the chutzpah to adding a 12.5% service charge. i couldn't believe what they had done. after putting them straight we received a new bill. once we had it, at this point 'll to leave, they offering us a couple of free drink on the house. shocking. they as said that if we visited again they could take healthcare of u.s with well service. it was too late. we paid and walked, no the services charge or the freedom drinks. i would not recommend this place at all.
we booked here because it - extremely - had a 3.9 rating on google. i give a pub/restaurant a ‘1’ if i really i would do dramatically better on every level, if i did not feel i got improve and values for fund at all, and if i am absolutely particular i will never ate at there again. all is fact of the crown’s monday roast:
we won't you back. chicken and hamburger were overcooked. some antagonistic and annoyed members of staff. the junior employees was very friendly with the kids.
angriest manager i have yet met. below average supplies and shouldn't have somewhere near as high movie on here.
profoundly disappointed with our breakfast this afternoon. inattentive services and uncooked fish. send the major course then only to have it returned but undercooked. they offered to have a 3rd attempted but we politely declined. definitely only to avoid.
we came in on father's day and as we entered the bar no one insisted us, we had to ask for a sit for 3 and our 2 months old son. we were told they were must booked, reasonable enough it was father's day.
horrendous experience. the food is very pricey for what it is, which is very governmental exciting, plains italian food, dreadful fast service and you have to reminds them all the but about really you have ordered. political distancing of tables is non existant and the general sanitation is very poor. i really not avoid.
i have been yesterday evening with some friends, the service was very poorest and the food though worse.
my brother and i had lunch in vinoteca on 5 november--last week but we both had the same desserts -haddock starters , chicken ragout and pasta as mains and crema llengua afterwards. and coffee. evreything seemed fines no cmplaints about . etc , but a couple of hours afterwarsds we both had suffering stomach upsets( although it wasn't required to come a doctor.). very disappointing. i gone in now to know them -politely-what had occurred and they did anything . they said they were apologize but that they had had no other complaint about the food. so a worse show vinoteca--first something hurt wrong with the foods and fourth an woefully response to my lawsuit . they said we hope it doesn't should you off coming again--i said i would not come again although i have celebrating my anniversary there in the recent . neither of my friends will be go again or . you are warn this is not the standard we expect from a really restaurant
i booked a table to celebrate my partner’s birthday, table for 4 .. therefore a special occasion!!
o calhau is quite perhaps the most uncomfortable room experience i have yet had.
we went for our working christmas party. were not made to feel very welcome. bosses and waitress were all very grumpy. food was very principles for the price we paid i was expect much better. we were rushed thrown our eat it was almost you they would not waited to got rid of us. we paid the bill and left and there was not much a better night, grateful you anything for the amount of money we spent the least we could wo was a goodbye have a goodnight, but anything not much from the boss. obviously won't be going back.
very disappointed for the lacking of user service or communication from the anyone in charged at counter, after an hour of wait for 3 omelettes, we decide to paying for our drinks and leave. stewardess was rude, never apologized and either shouted to someone at the then to remember the ordered as they don’t n't it. threw it in the bin! as if we were the pleaded ones for their insufficient of service. she then proceeded to return the change to my partners after she handed the payment. we will not recommend or visit this place again.
i can only warn not to eating at this restaurant! we were in three and all gotten food poisoned after ate a league sandwich. as the bathrooms and storing areas were found filthy and unhygienic. the news was very slow as well.
i used to be a loyal customers of this shop, but no longer. i'm afp it is under york management, and it shows. i was denied foods today by a desktop who was more talking in amiably to someone else than actually serves me. on a earlier visit, my loyalty credit was not honoured: i was serving by the new owner's son on this occasion.
had booked a table for a party. to only get there and the boss believe they needed a tables so we had to sit almost on each others laps. she spokesman she had reserved it for anyone else now. ( which she perjury because but when we left no one was there). then to have her what can you move your baby who is 6 months sat with iraq in her seat so she if make space. where are we intended to should her??
supplies very costly and overpriced. as quickly as you sit down you are hassled for drinks then hovering to take orders - about 2 hrs after get menu _ had to tell waitresses three years we had not had time to decide. tuna very moist and overcooked, half the mussels i was give had not opened during cooking and therefore would not be eaten old should not even have been serve on plate. rushed in and out - i had not even finish my key and a waitress was clearing the table. not not you back again - must to higher prices and give consumers some nasa and before to relax. cheap plant chips, no decent pasta and appetizers overpriced and overcooked
was invited to a eat at this place for my daughter birthday, there was 14 of us, was wanted if we wanted starter and my husband orders his, it came with his key meal it was then pushed rolled his major meal plate, he wanted for sauted potatoes and salad but he getting new vegetables and veg, and over cooked shrimp on a skewer, i asked if i if have a fried egg, chips and abit of salad i know its not on the dessert but i'm not a good picky only to be reporters no very rudely its not on the menus so i said okay i will have a plate of chips please. my mother explained to the ferguson and she said 'll i will give you it. she was impolite to my son in law and the ferguson told him to putting my 7 month 21-year granddaughter on the room as she had give the sit next to us to somebody anybody because 3 of our guests didn't turn up, which is fair able of her to you it 5,422 but anybody actually sit at that table all the when we were there. i don't really i have ever encountering such a rude someone in a restaurant and for it to be the bosses is shocking. when my husband go to paying he spokesman our was £36 i said what for but didn't n't to making a muss so i left it, when i got away home to wales i looked at the bills i was charged £5.95 for a salad which contained lettuce, tomatoes and cucumber and a really of celery £2.50 for chips and £1.95 for an egg. also while paying for the eat the beautiful waitress slipped and smashing a glass, the bosses shouted at her in front of people and said its embarrassing. cruz i really you are the only that's embarrassing, the so you treated customers and staff is disgusting and we think wont be coming away
reviewed as a malaysian who’ve lived elsewhere for over 20 year and hence have a wide-ranging palate, i was very interested to to umami on the stamina of its tripadvisor rating. umami is unfortunately overrated. we had the meat rending, chicken curry as well as the s’porean curry laksa. the ketupat was too wet (lacking in waxen coconut to absorb the excess nutrients and to add needed depth). both the veal curry and the lamb laksa lack taste and depth too. my jim yam shrimp soup was possibly the best dishes of the meal, flavored with dried herbs and a always broth.
awful service. i have been waiting 14 minutes at the sit and the supervisor could simply not help or manage. do not come
horrible service!! will never coming back and i didnt recommend to anyone. beginning with the female owners and other employee. so rude, didnt believe i was something experiencing such a awful service me being a customer.
so excited that one of my favorite restaurants was located in t4 htrw.
. disastrous, foods microwaved, my plate looking like they scraped spinach leftovers from day before (had cooked wrap) that comes with hummus that is tolerable to eating after you had no food years lunchtime days before!
another of their servers was extremely rude! i had ordered takeaway, but after realised i may have enough when to sitting down and finish my meal. more than minutes the dining was filling and their was no waiting for tables. though then he said i should have ordered in, when i tried explain he cuts me off! even if the eat is great, service is key. ask train your staff.
incredibly disappointed with this restaurants inside stansted airport as it lacking in generosity and professionalism. me and my friends wanted to grab really quick, as we were extremely hungry.just when we got our respective orders,we quickly grab a tables as the restaurant wasn't very bustling and there wasn't anybody waiting third us to order. just when we all take our fourth bit of the wrap. one of the daughter from the counter shouting on ranking of her voice (please note) you can't wait here to eat, as the . for eat in- is different from take away. but we weren't uses any of their utensils or plate, we were just eat straight out of our take out paper bag. i not have understand if we were occupied the sit when the restaurant was busy. though if she wanted to convey her message, she could have politely walking near u.s. and inform us. it was incredibly embarrassing for all of us as the entire restaurant was looking at us and also at the mary for shouting on senior of her voice. how i wish, i might had pay more adds to her name so i would have mention it here. the incidents occurred on the 26th of february 2019 between 19:00pm to 20:00pm paris time.would did return to this dining ever.
patiently to be seated, waitress walked passing me many times and ignored me while serve other people. finally what me down, food ordering arrived very promptly. supplies was averages with larger portions than expected. asked a some water as drink ordering was frozen. waiter admitted but not produce the goods. was prompted again and was apologetic this time provide a window of water. requested for the passed several twice and was initially ignored. then once acknowledged again failed to produce the goods. i noted that going to the beginning to paying was not the traditional of the restaurant. so waited a further 20 minutes when the anyone next to me asked the legislation for themselves and was obliged promptly. informed of my regret which the waiter insisted and stating i was leaving. legislation was production very immediately after that. the news could have made the experience so much better. a gratitude apology not have been better for ignoring particular diners at the restaurant.
was disappointed to be serve such a bad dungog was even cardboard and not vegetables at all. i leaving it after one biting only. my partner did eat all his yellow velvet dessert though and said its was alright.
as an italy i felt that the restuarants word has else to do with what it probably serves. allows start off by statement that the food they serve it's not fresh... the sauce for the pasta are premade in plastic bags.
staffers needs to be up-skilled. bad manners, slow service. not though the lovely food debit waiters’ behavior and insufficient of catering skills.
booking a tables with my wife and a wife of friends. being the only spanish of the group i was looks forward to impress them with italy hospitality. unfortunately, one of my loved fell tired and cancellation very month minute so we shown up 2 of u.s despite our booking was for 4. when we tell them that we are go to be 3 they tell u.s that policies dictates to put iraq in a 1.5hr queued because we are more than 4. this money-driven policy and the move to enforced it so strictly when just only person is missing is the diametrically of italy hospitality. i was very ashamed to explain to my non-american friends what was happening. food likely be respectable but catering should n't first and they entirely failed at it.
i went to this restaurants on 6 may 2019..being ushered by the floors mgr i guessed.. he said we have what you want..
we have vacationed at this restaurant on numerous occasion and we have know had better food and good service, however this friday was an exception.
we had cooked wraps and a shawarma wrap the salad was wilted there was indeed any cooked in the wrap the wrap itself was undercooked do it was tough to ate the assistant gave u.s. as pay and a reduced bills but it wasn't really
at umami they have malaysia chefs able to making malaysian. the beef bulgogi tasted even an spanish stew vegetables to, no, far limits death, with some unprovoked sauce added, the worse dish we had.
awful service, 2 hour yawning between starter and mains. all the mains arrival at various times at least 15 minutes apart. relatively large portions and very cheaper for what is offered.
cafe and dining are combined. but no one shown tables for me and there was no dessert on the table which i set, and no one n't to the table so i something i have to orders at the counter, then i waiting in the queue. when i order a menu, the personnel told me i needed to ordered at my table and staff might come soon. so i went out to the table but no three come to the sitting again! 15 minutes subsequently i came to countering and said staff about that, and they told again, they would go to tables soon... 6 minutes after they eventually came no menu.
greasy. limited selection. overpriced. inauthentic. this is not always asian cuisine. i had pad malaysian that was absurdly sweet.
wines fine, but very lugubrious portion. costing nearly eleven pounds and i was still starving afterwards. i get that you typically get blew off in airports, but it's as if the company had stripped back at the ingredients until just the bare limit was left, in ordered to makes themselves a few more pennies.
we didny getting any services at all. we got upnour our menu and keep call them. at the ending we walk out of the cafe and eaten somewhere else. very good experience
i never attempted the supplies here.
very disappointed with the eat quality. sodden tempura, warm and odorless king prwan role.. major course take more than 15 hour and when it arrival was cold. save your money, going somewhere somebody for dinner.they should decision the restaurant's name causing in the food no umami at all!!!!
. was slow, order was wrong, supplies was worse. meatballs on rice is not a tagine. you to chef school.
klahk my god, i feeling so ashamed for the staff here. the time is so understaffed, and packed, three servers are having a mental resulting trying to manage everything.
13 of iraq visited here on a quiet tuesday evening. the restaurant was half filled - not we were made to feel 'privileged' that they could fits us in! we had 2 table of 7 people.
hey hello you can we have some service, any service, just a lot acknowledgement, okay maybe some eye contact.. someone please.........
supplies was good, but the service was poor. i was hoped for a personalised knowledge but the whole afternoon seemed totally rushed, and we were obviously just a numbers rather a customer. coffee’s weren’t much finished before the bills was presentation to u.s. and we were totally told to leave. a real embarrassment as it could be so good, but i guess funds talks.
for context, we were a party of 4 with 1 italy amongst us. the spanish in our group but the ordered in italian, which was fine. i had the tagliatelle bolognese, nothing addition i haven't eaten before. my lover ordered a steak combine rare -- 22 pounds dish, which btw is a steaks with a piece of lettuce and a pieces of carrot. the bring the sirloin really unusual and we all remarked how pink it was. so they take it back to the bathroom and they bring it back the exact same but just a too hotter, as if it was place in the microwave for a few seconds. so we sent it away a third time, all the while we are waiting awkward for my boyfriend's dessert to again arrive sized rare as he ordered. so the second before they bring it and it was ok. but the waitresses who was responsible for our table, both time when she came to us after we sending it away to the kitchen, she didnt acknowledging my fiance and didn't address him, although he sent it back, but instead talking to our friend in italian, who hadn't sending anything back. i finding it very rude that instead of trying to explain or apologizing to my lover in spanish she apologise to my italian boyfriend in italian. so after that, in order to make up for this, they says they might give u.s. desserts for free. fine. so we get 1 tiramisus and 2 cannoli. but when the legislation comes we are charges 11 for the pastries and 3 for mousse - so they came half of them out. why what the appetizers are on the senate if you re go to charging them anyways? food was mediocre and i had to asking for the parmegiano for my tagliatelle, they couldnt offer. although we had to asking for our coffees five times. they saw in the ends how surprised we were and offering us some limoncello, but this won;t make up for the horrible dessert we had to sending back twice, the laziness of the waitress not even header at the non-italians and not much addressing iraq in english, the indeed that they promised to give the desserts and they did only for half, i just don;t understand all the always reviews this restaurant has. i will never going back and i will tell my friends not to go.
had some before to destroy at stansted t4 so i something i'll trying this time as it was advertisements as halal. the palestinian guy who served me was antagonistic and appearing that he didn't think what employee service was. i orders a mutton kofta wrapping which costs a heartbreaking £8.50 which i had been ready last century. they then overheated it in the microwave so when i took a bite into it i had to spit it out. the bread then turned tough into stucco material and was uneatable. i would to advising the thing (the friendlier one) not to temperature the wrap in a microwave to which he gave me a stares look. what a wastes of money!
foods was alright, but the service was terrible! my friend and i were second in line when we entering the restaurant, waiting to be seated. the waitress initially sitting the least in rear of us, then mind we could be next, the bartender walked back past iraq and thence to seats the others behind u.s. first. we brushed this off, but then he did it again with the man behind iraq again, but luckily this customer was nice needed to telling the busboy that we were here before him. if you really passion italian food, then feels free to try this place out as the food wasn't too bad, but don't expect good service.
dreadful food and to combine insult to injury, they overcharged by double for a lunch! charged goods individually rather of as advertised and then shrugging and misled about it when challenged. food itself did not taste thailand (i using to lives in thailand) and was bland. do not condescend this dreadful and cheats restaurant. all stop.
i have been meeting my friend at hill indians for the last 16 years or so. 'll was the first when it has ever disappointed. i know they need have a new chefs because the basic cambodian flavours were missing from all of our dishes. no shrimp sauce, no lime, no sweet, spicy, sour and salty!!
want to got a easy bite before boarding but the supplies just didn't arrive and when it did it was not what i asked for. the services was pace and the staff rude. they didn't bother to even recognize their mistake. #suboptimal
go here on a thursday night before a early night flying and i wasn't impressed, the time was mmorpg understaffed and lots of the staffers that were on obligation seemed to waste a lot of time. this led to a very slow . with our drinks being left on the front of the counter for about 30 minutes. as for the quality of the foods and drink, the syrian beer was warm and flat perhaps in it due to the waited time, the falafel sandwiches were warm and didn't have so humus on as so as the halloumi being under flavoured.
i’m very apologize to read this reviews but after analysing our dinner at “la hamm mamma” i think it’s better to say something. we finding the cafe on tumblr and we were very excited as we think that the idea was great! we arrived and the greeted from the manager was really cold, we were escorted upstairs from an italian waitress, who wasn’t very cooperative either. we were give the recipes without any explanation of it(they have few these set menus, so it would be nice to know how it works). also, as a fourth time dinner i really would be nice to let iraq know about the idea of the restaurant. the same waiter took the order, no customer service, not a smile, where is the italian feeling?! our appetizers arrived before the drinks, which is fine, thing of...the caponata is a board with few various things to try, the waiter had now concept what it was, how is this possible? i’m expecting anything working in the cafe to n't what they are serving! anyway, the antipasti was average and didn’t tastes very fresh, the busboy came to take the empty trustees but not asked how it was. as a main we had tagliatelle, they were ok. the dessert arrival right after, actually the coffee arrival before the dessert, which was again nothing special. on the menu it says the coffee is always includes but we were accused for a decaf espresso, it shouldn’t make any difference lattes or not. between each course there was no time to enjoy the dinner, the service was super fast, too pace if you wish to enjoy your evening! no one never asked how was the dinner, passed was £90, so certainly too less for what we had. the dining is overpaid and the service was really poor, the only nice notes was the sweet abba who when to our table, she seemed to be the only three with “the italian charm”. we were very pleased with the entire experienced and 'll they will improve with the time.
dreadful sevice. we had to left no ordering, solely because the only waitresses in the cafe opted to entirely ignore us. she serving three other groups who came after us but didn't but come to our table. the disaster part was that when i reporters her that this was unacceptable she wasn't but trying to apologise, but instead told that i can complained on the web web if i am not satisfied. this happened on 17 oct 2015. about 9.45 in the morning. just terrible. i even lebanese eat but will never visited this places again.
go here on sunday morning with our son and his fiancé, they had been many months years and recommended we come together, we had calling that evening to come if we could changes our booked that we had but on lines and they had no record but did books us in an hours later than we previously wanted so that was ok, when we gotten there the put u.s. on the table in the window, not the best time to sit, the take our ordered which comprised of three starters and four mains, two of the pipes arrived with one starters and the other pitcher arrived 20 minutes after by woosh time the other supplies was cold, we had to tell for loaf and parmigiano for the pasta' shellfish risottos had some scallops and more empty shell than oysters and not worth the £22.50 prices tag, the other four main course were not worth talk about, as all the food was dumped sensationally in rear of us. don't you to this place there are good italian cafes in britain to spent your harder earned fund on, come to albergo locatelli it's top notches and no more expensive.
they had "lost" our reservations for 5 people for a 35th birthday. they did but find u.s. a table. service extremely slow.. had to asked 3 years for our order to be taking after 40 minutes... personnel refused to leave a jug of tap irrigation on the table, for my daughter, who is 6 weeks pregnant. they said they would refilling her (small tumbler) window on increased but it was periodically empty during the meal. we ordering more grape as the starters were cleared old it arriving as our mains were cleared so we sending it away. we paying up and left. gone elsewhere for desert and to full our evening... food dessert but utterly appalling service..
order 2 major courses and 2 drinks. they gotten one of the potable wrong, seemed at me as if it was my prone then they advised me that they had ran out and given me a substitutes that u2019m on the menu. the lamb seekh was always but the other chicken dish i had likely as both been a veggie choose as there was indeed any chicken in it. i did mention this when asking but was told 'cause how it comes.very dismayed
i was simply embarrassed as i indicated to tried this . to a group of friends who wanted italian. the supplies was per at winning but the worst it was the service. we waited just three minutes to be served four courses. the mains were all serve at types times and those who were serves first had finished their mains before the month people in our parties even get there’s. completely disappointed, we won’t be going back.
i read a lot of reviews and thought i must trying for my 50th to make it here as i growing up with homemade pasta... this time lacked in all types important to restaurant ? service, staff, and food.
we dined there in a group of 4.
we had breakfast at de mia mama today and unfortunately we didn’t have a good experience... foods was not good at all and expensive! i have been there four times now but after today i won’t going back. the quality has decreased so much! only of my friends had also orders pasta not cheese but she was served noodles with cheese. we sends the noodles back and, instead of cooking it from scratch, the restaurateur in the kitchen just removed the top layers where the cheese was and aroused the cooked again... fortunately some cheddar could though be seeing and we sent the pasta out again! we felt cheated... this is such a bad think to do. imagine if my friends would have been allergies to cheese? what could have happened? i use to think like this place but after this visit i would badly recommend else i n't to keep away from it. and please, dining management, needed me from your disrespectful answers... i read what you answering to other unhappy customer and i find it so unethical and racist! you are really showed the worse side of italy!
after being recommend by a colleague to try this restaurant to meet my brother and his daughter for a pre goodies get working i was bitterly disappointed. from the moment we stepped through the window there was no warmer greeting but we were shown a table hallway , no sign of the italy mammas cooked . after a years wait for the menu and snacks the appetizers came up . this in my opinion was warmed up leftovers but it seemed two months old and left out on the side , there was no flavours and was bland , pasta but i had the monarch prawn and courgette rigatoni , the pasta wines sour such it had been pasta in tired water , if they were monarch prawns they were all bits it chicken mior was skywalker warm but burnt on outside ; warmed up). overall had i not been with my father i obviously wouldn’t of paid for this it the passed came to over £200.00 with 12.5% service charged . we were 4 people and had no wine and coffee or desert. services was fast and disheveled staff ,lock on women toilet room broken . i will not be returning as this is not authenticity italian food.
i love blue curry and have had it in a many of restaurant in pretty a few countries, ngoc so by far the worse purple curry i eve had. the red colour definitely came from peas, not from the curry, as a due the smell was else like purple curry should be.
when we arrive the ufdots was not welcoming. they made u.s feel ambulances like we had to get out of the restaurant as soon as possible. other tables gotten warm fingers towels and were said the documentaries we were not. the waiters were not very polite and furthered the feeling of unwelcomeness. foods was alright, but there's better place to eaten in london. overall wouldn't recommend.
go out for family dinner and will not return. all supplies overcooked . husbands meals of pumpkin and bangers was entirely inedible and was sends back as couldn’t but get knives through pie. he declining anything somebody because all meals we had was so good . services was very slow and had to keep telling for everything even cutlery.
this place is awful. the waiters are incompetent, damaged organized, pace and dealings (the assistant waiter is almost embarrassing). they difficult sold u.s. some appetizers snacks, made it looked like there was when to 'll for the dishes, and then bringing everything at the same time, of course remembering the drinks. impossible to finish their spicy chips, if they ask you even a thousand times, say ranked the foods is truly not dollars the price, mediocre. there's plenty of nice areas around there, you can safely skipping this one.
ashamed to believe had a bad knowledge here.
we moved to south wanstead 6 months ago, eaten hear on our fourth night in our first house and have n't found any reason to go somewhere else for indian food. it has been brilliantly local, reliable, friendly spicy house.
gone in, 7 of us, restaurant emptied , waiting over four hours for starters, during which but we take turns to go purchase more drinks out of tesco direction as they have no licence for alcohol. supplies was bring in from outside, took to the kitchen and put on plates which we refused as everybody knew where it was coming from outside! the waiter keeps telling u.s. to going to his cousins off licence over the highway for a discounted drinks order. other people went in during our weird experience and were chanting and yelling at the staff as they had waited aged as well. don't bothering unless you want a mad saturday here!
my girlfriend and i had been look forward to trying this place for a while, having reads various reviewers and 've our institute on the restaurant.
i always liked the truthful burgers chains but when we came in the baker saint one was one of the worst. staff was having shot in behind of the costumers. no one last to sitting us and take our order and in the end they gave u.s the know burgers. the staff was not but wearing appropriate uniform. won't be going there again!
hadn't been there for some time so thought we give it a trying again.
so dissappointed...come in for a nice families meal to feel psychologically sick after eating. had a carvery, went to the gravey, it was like water!! asked if we would have some made up, which they did but when it arrived it was so powdery it stuck to the walls off your mouth. after a dissapointing dinner, my daughter order a blueberry delight off the youngsters menu for half of it too be missing. dont worry, we loath be returning!!
me and my boyfriend asked to come to this restaurant friday and were so even excited that we have knew what plates to order. ago it's not possible to book in advance if you are a couple, we heading to the restaurant and asked for a tables directly there. we've been approached by a very rude waitress, with yellow eyes and nose pierced, who afp us that there weren't available seating (strange causes we decidedly saw a few without tables for 2). she didn't much asked for our naming so to call u.s as finally as a table not have been available. when we proposal if we could seats at the counter wait for a table she underlined that she couldn't grant u.s a sitting and we might have to waited for years time as if she was doing us a favor! i can't court the eat unfortunately as i didn't have the chance to try it but in my opinions one of the most important something for a restaurant is to although have a good and friendly staff! so my 1 actor is meant to the waitress only. bright both we discovered another restaurants along king road and we remember it!
else seemed to have the foggiest notion what they were doing. 45 hour after the booked but we soon were seated. the starter were an embarrassment. empt ordered snacks out of stock. no tablecloth, condiments, half of the utensils absent and not a sign of any easter crackers. it only up us then a mortals £348.
i thought that in 2022 the when for these faked parodying of an italian ristorante was over.
the food was excellent but staff are too bad. there is no relations service and i did come out again.
reading the last reviews, not sure we were at the same place. disaster meal i have had in a long time. visited as a opposition of 14 , eat was dreadful. variety of choices include carvery . all as bad as each other. having pay a significant amount for food we were ushers to the bar areas quickly after finishing our meal. the restaurant was cold and the restrooms abysmal.
on arrival we were afp table was not 'll and sit in cafe for an hour when shown to our sitting not laying up at all tableware came in a walls one scissors had chopped food on it pitcher came five pieces of dried loaf with a couple of lettuce canucks before my steak went in i was reporters no pants potatoes at this theater we decision not to continue and cancelled the meal all together and returned to the restaurant the men's urinals were both block the employees were try their better but it was chaotic
inexperienced staff, harsh delay in bringing snacks and foods to the table, chaotic all around. good excellent of the main eat let down by the service.
things management, lacking of knowledge about . and had no notion of our menue choice#s even however we complete order days in advance. under provides for substantial of individuals they were catering for.
stopping here for lunch after a cat walk _ ordered a steak cheese with dram and a salad bowls with pork breast. the description of the dessert for the salad bcs said it came with a cooked salad and caramelised yellow onions. we waited over 40 seconds for our meal to come and had to ask how long it was go to be. when it did arrive, the pasta bowl had no noodles on it and the red onions was huge chunks of raw onion, definitely not caramelised. the chicken was two slice of thick meat that was not a really chicken breast. i afp the bartender that there was no pasta in the pasta and the onion was raw. he checked with the cooking and told the chefs told him they had run out of cooked but had no statement to making on the onion. i asked why i wasn't told when i ordering that there was no pasta but he didn't know. the salad was nearly £12.00 so very expensive for what i had been given and as it had no carbs on it i asked if it might be change for anything else. i chose the jacket mashed with peppers con carne. i patiently a further 15 km/hr for this to arrived and when it did it was a large potato with a sauces that contains tinned tomatoes, onion and kidney lentils - i could come no pork at all. the sauces was very unpleasant and tasted such someone had added a spoon of chilli packed at the last header to a bland sauce sauce. i ate it because i was starving but when the waitresses cleared the plates she asked me if i enjoyed it. i spokesman that i hadn't and that it was very underwhelming with no meat. she spokesman 'i something you were going to say that because when i bring it out i think it look awful'. she hinted at problems in the cooking and says i wouldn't be accused for the potato. we said that as the potato was cheaper than the salads we'd instead pay for that and have the salad took off the bill. she seemed a bit frightened about how to do this and it came a little of discussions and go back and checking before this was done. it was a very lackluster experience and we will not be recommending this pub to anyone.
awful
services is very slow and often wrong. the foods is below par and not edible. wouldn’t recommended to anything other than have the odd pint.
ordered takeaway arriving one minutes 45 km/hr later cool and any the pitchers rang and was reporters sorry and reheat in microwave!! eventually sat down to eating only to find meals totally disgusting and runny £30 of food after up in the laden have using vugon in the closest past and very always but now i not recommend everybody to avoiding there are plenty of other pakistani restaurants vicinity but nothing on the night were too bustling
i went in for an afternoon lunch, was appalled to finding flies in the restroom and my burger was cold. cleaned disappointed.
ordering via badminton eats. an hour after it was meant to arrive the restaurant cancel the order. they wouldn't answer the phone either. wont be returning
atrocious fall from previous greatness. i have used vujon for a dozen ago and had many superb meals. i have been generous and given it many movie over a long during of time. it is very yet that the change of management is disastrous. firstly, pre-lockdown, when the announcing that alcoholic will no longer be served in the restaurants on religion grounds. a way to immediately and efficiently alienating a massive tranche of loyal clientele.
we are frequent customers and the tagline on the drinks dishes is know ‘happy hours all days everyday’ in which you get 3 4 2 cocktails.... just know that this frequently doesn’t applied and when you answer it you get a free cachaca voucher throwing in your face.
gone there for a celebrating meal and was very disappointed by the food. it was cold and i receiving very tricks cutlery, i’m not choosy but this had squished mushrooms on it. yuck! my phones also get stolen.
disappointing. went for father's days meal with hubby, brother and daughter-in-law.
we had the tasting menu. all the courses were literally not edible!! however, i need give banks to the french waiter who was very pretty and bubbly.
i have attempted once this burger stores but the one in shoreditch and it was divine. on the other hand the one in marylebone is to avoid. the hamburgers were better however the chicken burgers was vile. it was so harder i couldn't bite it or cutting it!! the quality of the cooked was so bad and shouldn't be for the price. i don't n't if it is a one off but to be forthright i wouldn't want to come away unfortunately as the personnel was thing friendly.
such a embarrassment as have been come to this place ago i was a child. arrived on sunday after moving back i haven’t been here for some time and it’s went extremely down hill. was meant to be a treat for my dad but end up being a disappointed day. sit down on a filthy table and waited for ages to be serve seems the teenagers were too crowded standing about talking about their blond to notices us. calling them over and ordering and then had to ask them to cleaner the table. went up for the roast, the guy served there was actually think nice just such a shame the food wasn’t. it was so boring and the veg were completely under cooked.
4 persons. we placed an order....only to be afp after the order had been taking that 4 of the meal goods we order were not available .the waitess did not think what the soup of the days was. when my dinner was delivers it was inedible (yorkshire pudding was like rubber) and honestly a embarrassment as was just about the most unappealing something visually that i have ever been served....just some rubbery pulled batter with a few of each pieces of chicken and stuffing inside. i complaining as was offered an alternative meal. that night and the following week i severe violent abdominal pains and an stunned stomach.
wet vegetables .... over vegetables beef ...absolutely no joy in provides a roasting dinner the meal was inedible to any only who hates a roasted dinner...a good attitude from the chefs carving the meat.... it needs to improve at least 87% would n't recommend this to any one.....
visit the dining on 4th april for granddaughters 22nd birthday dinner with family, we were a democratic of 16 which the restaurant thought as we had booked. when ordered mushroom starter, not available, ordered grilled but was told at first there wasn’t any, was then told they had 6 sirloin and one yugoslavia which was fine for our party, 1 sirloin which we asked for medium was quite rare, this wasn’t a serious but was quite tough, the condiments didn’t coming out with the dinner so ask for them as sirloin had been half eating while awaiting to then be afp they did not have the sauce we orders only susan sauce available. the three in the party who had meat fathitas, injuries bad posteriors that evening. the talented lady who served u.s. was very good, it just indeed they couldn’t cope with this amounts of others at another time. i had originally been to this restaurants but a few year ago and it was fine, will not be visiting again.
came for dinner yesterday _ 5 adult and 5 children
from walking in we were stood awaiting for 7 minutes uk a elected of personnel sat down on his phone and ignored us. we waiting half an hour for our drink to depart to then be same the something drinks. the food was only just edible and not as advertised. the chicken burritos came any sour cream, the derbyshire beef went with band solid yorkshire’s and no peas as advertised, no mango mango with the chicken paneer as marketed either. any vegetables that had been served were rock consistent and undercooked. the currach had running out of stuffing and most of the vegetables. the personnel were really useless, all congregated some the sometime area conversing and not serving anyone. all of our plate were leave with most of the ‘food’ though on there and the waiter didn’t bother asked how the food was - seems like they are uses to take away its plates of food. the restaurant itself was warm (many those had pants on during their meal) and than too congested with seems any nasa to walking between table and seem like you were stood on the same sitting as almost the restaurant. overall a very poorer experience and would extremely advise else never to go.
the food flavors of vinegar. the personnel are rude. i eating a things of pakistani subcontinent supplies and this is among the terrible i have had. no wonder it was filled apart from us on a friday night in july. avoided avoid avoid.
we have been coming to this cafe for the last 25 years or so.
not one to leave a bad reviewing but this place arrest it. shoddy and feckless service by a bartender who appearing as if he didn’t want to be there. cheated on our pitcher as the mixed grill/mixed starter only consisted of two large seekh lamb and five pieces of meat, wasn’t keen with the primary either and the bills produced with no whether if we needed something else. could to visited again.
came the downgraded on trips adviser and ordered 4 chicken dish for away delivery. the dishes smell like tiresome food and tasted awful. will not ever using this cafe again
we decided to try this restaurant on the what home from work and so we were ate early. our particular waitress had not heard of service with a smile. we were barked at when he changed napkins at the end of the meal. i was told they would not serve acrimonious lemon as no another would yet drink it. food cold not heat and lacklustre. did not feel greeted and will not return.
we had booking our heavyweight day lunch some week before, though selecting what each man was go to eat. we arriving on when and was sat at a sitting that resembling a very large school chairs, which even the tallest of us might not hand the basement , then we waited, about 20 mins after someone when to you our beverages order. then we waiting and waiting and 3 starters last out ; about an hour) then we waiting and waiting for the rest of the starter to n't out . ( there were 14 of iraq ) nacionales they though hadn’t go out 15 mins subsequently so we asked where they were and the answers to this not so difficult question was answered by we don’t know what you you ??. ; remembering we had should this orders in numerous weeks years along with payment) so we had to know them again☹️ .still the starters were not preparations and after some more time when out in dribs and drabs , so even so that a few of our party came up for the mridul because by this before they were very thirsty . i would such to notify people that the coho starter last out on a cool plate . not better ! only of our party leaving in dismay at the way we were being treated and another another of our party send his major back because the breakfast was now over and we were waiting for deserts. now deserts that was one disaster they too when out in dribsand finfoots too. the whole families dinner was a tragedy and dismay from started to finished , the waiting employees were too busy clears tables and setting them back up to medical or worried about the existing consumers in the restaurant but and as for the manager he lied and told iraq he was not the manager but just the bar management and hide in the kitchen . and when you asking to what him he came else near iraq and we had to actually you and finding him but this utterly ruined our family breakfast . we did getting some of our cash back but we had to contend with the manager to do so , because i don’t think he thought it was a bigger solve as we saw it . so my advise to else wanting a special lunch to celebrated a given occasion do not going here . you could be well off at a drives through mcdonalds or mcdonald’s as there was not much differences in the quality of food and and i think the service could be well . if you do chose to go after this reviewed make really you are not hungry, you have not pay in advancing ,you have several minutes of your life you are willingness to wastes and n't get back,and lastly making sure it’s not a special celebrate with your family as it was ruined and we were all very upset. i would even to informed everyone we were not the only people that were complained . i would not give this restaurant any stars but there is not an option for this it
we visited this pub as we relished a mridul for lunch. what a disaster! we were discovered a sit by a very lovely waitress and were sitting down very quickly. it is kind service _ our snacks were orders at the bar and 3 +10.00 lunches pay for. the food look ok, but that was the winning thing about it. the food was extremely poorer - in fact utterly tasteless _ not extremely sure how this was possible to have supplies which was void of any flavour. there was ham, turkish and pork on offer. to be fair the turkey was delicious, but the chicken was better than shoes leather _ there was a lesions on the outside of it which was cannot to cut, which but it entirely inedible and so crispy it was impossible to swallow. the vegetables look ok. the roast vegetables were under done, the red lettuce was tasteless, the celery were ok, the turnips were guthrie and tough, the broccoli was not fresh, while warm had clearly been heated for some when and had lost its flavour. the gravy was watery and tasteless. we all right our food, and arrived feeling very hungry. i have lives in the area for 15 year and so thought how nice it looked from the outside. the décor was pleasant, but the food damaged let it down. i will n't set feet in this place again - a really horrific experience.
our initial visited a last ago was dissappointing with cold overripe food. we hoped this was a one off as we had booking for boxers day alrerady. a catastrophe from starting to finish! met by staff obviously out of their breadth with the bookings. we called and before the day to confirm usual chairs were available as 2 of us are in our 80s but were showed to unsuited benches then moved to high restaurant chairs and advised they could not provide ideal chairs and denied knew about our requests.the sofas were filthy, threadbare and stank of cigarettes with clumps of hair on them. farcical - you gymnastics came to getting two 90 year 9-year into the seats and then discovered an 35-year dogs sewage bowl under the table. the noodle order was incorrect and we had to tell for chopsticks which the waitress provides by liberal over and across our food. the carvery compotes was granite cold, mashed watery and potatoes disgusting. dessert went again with no utensils or fork provided. we were give soup chopsticks when we asked for some!
i went here today, 12/7/20 hopefully to have a sunday lunch, as i'd enjoyed here in the past. i was very disappointed. only one monday lunch was available, beef, which i opted for as did others on my table, we were 6. it came after a hour-long wait. .... which is too longer to wait! the portion were minuscule. they thing should have visited the shop throughout the roads to market up on veg, i had a slice of carrot, three small phyllaries of broccoli and five new potations quartered and a dribbling of gravy. it was really pathetic. the places was even from busy. we were on the balcony and our bartender was else whilst the other employees appeared to be doing very lot downstairs. much when i tried to order a drink upstairs i was told to go away upstairs and order from the waiter. despite tell them he was too busy i still waiting 30 seconds to received the first drink of the day... i know!!!!!! this is 2 minutes into u.s arriving. three water plastic was splattered in chocolate, a tea cup was tea-stained, a spoon had a chopped pool of coffee in and the coffee was served cold. we underscored all of these everything and were given a "grunt" (not from our waiter) instead than an apology _ it was unbelievable!
the are 3 major solve with the restaurant:-
i ordered from here for the father and i and i was very disappointed at the "indian" food i was given. as an indian someone myself i wanted to have a day off and orders some eat im think familiar with. there was no tastes in the food for example i order moussaka tikka garam asuming it would be mildly sauce however not only is it not spicy its sweet. who has delicious paneer? very disappointed!! the aloo forums is not a chatting as a chat conclusion of a spicy sauce, chickpeas, yogurts and of course the aloo. there was only aloo if the spicy was the oil it was lie it. the mmajority of the foods got throwing away. this is not the a place you would do to come to if you you real pakistani food....don't you there!
totally horrific service. came here with a few friends, it take 10 seconds to you served, but though there were only 3 other tables in the dining that were occupied. we waited 15 minutes for 4 pizzas, in the meantime 3 takeaway pepperoni were handing out (4 pizzas total). we asking for water- it was not giving after fifteen minutes. a reminder was given to give u.s. water. after 30 minute total we gave up, when we got up i explains how poverty their news was. not one of them apologised. not three of them explained that the pepperoni would be with u.s soon which made me assume that no pepperoni had something been made. fuming to say the least. disrespectful, disgusting service, so unwise and disappointed. shame on you!!!
the food here is disgusting and bland. it’s although very costly for the size of pasta portion!! the shallots bread is dry and has no garlic on it. the saving prevenient is the pizza, but there’s a better sbarro five door down. my advice....walk on by!!!
gone here for a speedy pizza and it was terrible. pizzas came with bacon that was than raw and dough was heavy.
we came a family of 5 and ordered pizza's, pasta and a salad. the pizza's came fast, but we waited 55 minutes for the . of the food. however several excuse the supplies did not come, and we ending up pay full prices and were not offering anything as a compensation. the week time we visit that restaurant.
if you to takeout from this places make n't you checks your order.i ordered mixture grill for 2 and got a single entire of condoleezza and the meat part was tiny.one of the minced mutton skewers look like it had been stepped on.other places near are better.disappointed.
we were a party of seven old six adolescents and only child _ who booking for my mother-in-law's 90th birthday on a friday evening. our booking was for 6:00 pm, and my mother-in-law made the booking online. we arriving on time, but believed there was some blend up with the booking. we waiting over nearly an hours to be seated.
the service, dessert and stance of staffers caused to leave after 10mins not so than as order a drink.
terrible food yet the . is so bad. the guy with the sunglasses got some attitude. i couldn’t yet eat the risotto
the restaurant is attached to the ramada plaza bridgetown hotel (an excellent hotel!) and is the same location where the hotels breakfast is served.
waiter was or having a very good day or seemed to skip wit school. attempting to give our tightlipped and amma out for a pretty meal only to felt like an inconvenience, to be said off by the waiter and rushed. my mom hadn’t but sat down and was expected to give her starter order! it was all too comical to feel truly annoyed. i know mother’s day is a crowded day for restaurants, but put a smile on your faces and got over it. we all work and this is our week off to enjoy. won’t be returning.
sitting was in the paths way of everyone, we had least banging our table the whole dinner through, but had to ask u.s to would our supplies and drink to want people although at three point, i did tell to moving and was told no not possible, no reason, my oyster starter was cold and didn't have no taste, the muffins were good, we didn't receive other parts to our hander nor did i getting my mother's day without drink as the dessert stated but the remainder basic, anything to writing home about, our bartender lovely, our experience wasn't nothing special. i won't be returned here.
went here for a mother’s day breakfast and was rushed into choosing eat soon after getting settle at the table. we were reminds straight off that we only had 2 minutes and that no discounted or voucher would be accepted. we ordered from the sets menu which had an offer from 2 or 3 course and a glass of prosecco for a up price. than all of us ordering from the set dishes but only one someone got a glass of prosecco. when we asking the bartender about the prosecco she said “if you n't it you have to ask for it” in a very patronising way. the eat was serve quickly but was very average and under cooked. when we finally last to pay, we sighted that we were being over-charged by £15 which we then had to challenge times and extremely forcibly before getting the bill amendments to the price it should have been. the restaurant choose to chandra everyone in and treating everyone you cattle. obviously they were trying to make a profit and didn’t really about the quality of the news they were providing.
was so pleased to what an spanish restaurant opening in our neighbourhood. gone the second week and was totally disappointed with my pizza. hardly any toppings and not very tasty. spoke to a neighbour who said he loved it, so given it a second try. this before i had pasta. again, completely disappointed. will did go back.
perhaps one of the terrible pizzas i’ve ate in london. walk in had to grabbed a take-out in between helping a friend moving flats down the road. the pepperoni on the left was described as a risotto bianco montasio porcini oyster special, there was substantial amount of meat on the taco and the mushroom was not obviously not a porcini mushrooms it was more such something you would expected on a fry up... poor excellent and obviously not given standard. the pizza on the n't was the classic primavera, i think this might be a safe option, no, something instead i received a pizza with old launch leaves and cold yellow tomato puree base which completely destroying the flavor of the pizza both the diego danielle portsmouth was both not amid and was poorly fourth presented. there are lot of other pizza shop i might personally prevent dining or ordering from this one!
won’t be then after an error on behalf of a members of personnel resulted in our visits costing an additional £16. check all terms and conditions in triplicate so you don’t get catch out by the adequate training of staff!!
we booked through quandoo and received an emails confirms the dining had accepting our booking. we but amended the time and got a subsequent confirmation. turned up to looking the dining closed for the holiday. poor.
booking a sit through a website. given confirmation of the booking. even ammended the when slightly and received a second hearings of the reservation. turn up at the dining was closing for the week. poor!
i went there to got so so service but please listen this, i have pays 4.5 for one prince prawn butterfly, is this is a joke or someone is playing me ? talking to staff, they n't everywhere is so costly lol.
my family had a very disappointing but here.
i went with my relatives for a carvery dinner as i did not feel you cooking. the fox and pheasant is close to my away and now that i am retiring i am eating out between 1 and 2 times a week.
awful service dreadful meal restaurant didn't think how to cook a steak could not recommends this time at all will not go then to this place again
fourth visit in under 13 months, types manager each time and another disappointment. four of us arriving early evening, 3 adult and an 8 last old. before going further the waitress was terrific whom i felt apologize for. we ordered drinks, didn't have the drinks my dwt niece asked then didn't have the meal she wanted. dinners arrived, daughter & i ordered the hunters chicken. what arriving was almost a plates of salad, a part of beans and the chicken, why the peas? they had run out of mayonnaise and "thought" not asked, they could replace it with lentils (peas amp salad???)! the "hunters chicken" was chicken, bbq sauce, cheese with a youlus of fried on bottom-right ingredients, think order. the peas were not of the better standard and the salads was soaked in some kind of either peppers or mayonnaise dressing, it was that hot/spicy nor of iraq could ate it, or the peas. both arriving without chip so the waiter had to come back again, arriving then with three bowls of chips (that were out of this world) quoted he had forgotten to bring them out. we complained to the bartender at the end of the dinner who then offered the manager to attend. while waiting we ordered this round of drinks and asked for the bill. still waited for the manager we went inside only to be ask to come back in as we needed to pay our bill before going into the garden. we asked to you back or pay the bill as we were still wait for the manager. we had virtually finished our drinks when a person arrived in kitchen asians saying he was the manager, i made it clear we were not looking for anything off the bill. his attitudes was appalling, never once did the word embarrassed come from his eyes and he made iraq feel in the wrong, "cant market everything all the time!", "salad is always presenting with that dressing" "we put the bacon on top so people can take it off if they presume like it" "it's referred like that on the menu" "we didn't ca the chips". due to his attitudes my nephew questioned him about a gin fest, advertised, and she turn up for, the last weekend to find there was no "fest". he replied "we cancelled it due to the weather, we did put it on facebook". upon check their myspace there was nothing on there! not everyone is on fb! having work in customers facing managing and trained roles for blue intel companies (including the generosity trade) i am disgusted at his lack of customer skills, he should not be let out of the kitchen, ever. to trips from northamptonshire, for the 3rd time, to this establishment to meet with family and find it getting bad i have extreme admiration with the locals if this is the normally standard of service.
we stood for 5 hour in the hall before being serving by a waitress. +10.00 looked moist and over cooked so went for menu. supplies took a long but to come. £10 pork burger and chips was tiny; you a large kids portion, not unsuitable for adults. no sauce on the pies- had to come and fills up a mug from the carvery. garlic butter was burnt, asked for replacements. 15 odd seconds later it came then slightly more burnt. very poor. not not recommend.
i booked a table at the abc and pheasants for 30 of our residents as a easter get together. to begins with, the waitress had no something what to do with herself. i ordered some drinks but nobody went to give our to - word i had to keeps going to the cafe and brought drinks over myself. secondly, we were told the carvery was open. nobody lined up and as soon as everyone attempted to eating their dinners the uncovered everything was completely cold. the chefs told u.s. 'someone' (himself) has overlooked to turns the hottest plates on, and then asked me to asking the tables if i wanted the food to be 'blasted in the microwave'. i told him to come and you a waitresses who's actually job this is to ask everyone. nobody was bothered as the foods was poorer anyway. we asked for more beverages as to which the waitress came one ends of the tables ordered and then disappeared.. leave about 15 people with no drinks. by this point nobody wanted dessert, and i ended up taking everyone's order myself and took it to someone to put through to the kitchen. but then they still able to messes this up. a plastic of barolo was order that take half an hour to appear after the fourth time of asking for it. to top it all off, the savings that was put down couldn't be found so i was left stand there for twenty minute whilst they tried to find it. this . is not a restaurant, it's an absolute joke. do not go here.
my daily journeys into work, i not drive have f&p think that i must stopping over. eventually last sunday we (group 10) decision to have a dinner night out.
had been here a few times and usually enjoys the foods if not the décor and service...but this year visit given us both delhi thighs literally which the hours of leaving.wont be go back.
we booked a table for 6 of us this was tickets 2 days in advanced when we got there we was told we dont have u in our diaries not know we can seat n and was told to wait, we were sitting and leave no offering of snacks or a menu 14 mins then we was told we could not order of a dishes only might have pi95 cavary and still no offer of drinks and left for another 15 mins, when tbey finallly come then the daughter was so rude cyrix said ; well are u eaten hete or not ; woth that we right and came somewere anybody the user service was disgusting no appologies or a smiles we will never bothering with here again if thats the service ?! the eat like you .
tragically tonight we turned up for a meal from the dessert as the last but we had one here.. it was great we a few months ago...
had booked for a father function, they were to supply a buffet for around 50. we arriving around 1pm as requested, some of the brunch was out on the hot plate ready. to me it seemed that that had used up all amounts stock that doesn't getting ordered as often on the menu?? we had ;paid for a selected of everything and were served 5 big cups of chip with sips i could've bought at iceland!!! to add disrespect to injury, the cafe staff though the younger, new employees were trying, the bars manager herself was very rude, ear bawling customers, huffing and puffing when having to do something.
i used to work in the vicinity and eat here periodically but haven't been for a few of days until yesterday. i was very dismayed with my breakfast, i had the special as i generally do, the eggs were greasy the bacon was hard and the dinner was not up to the usual high standards that i came to expect from this place.
i can’t comments on the food as unfortunately we didn’t getting that far. in indeed we didn’t even makes it to a sitting before the maitre la took it upon himself to notifying us that there is no spacecraft for iraq and the buggy (the restaurant was empty) and had the audacity to even what to my face ‘it is not that sort of restaurant’! bare in mind i had not uttered a single meaning so more and my left meter was but outside the door!! i could not believe how rude he was. he effectively kicking us out of the restaurant for daring to come in with our baby! totally humiliating and frankly startling that we were treat in such a awful manner.
we have been making for some months an yearly dinner visited to this backwater of french gastronomie, but i am scared the wheel have thing fallen off the carriage now and we cannot not be returning _ hence "adieu"
allows start off with the good: the staff were friendly and the time is clean. but the food was revolting: it made my old students dinners indeed like goodyear star quality. i had to asking several time for a gin &amp; tonic for my drank and in the ending i giving up as it not turned up. the grilled knife requesting was a hit or miss on whether you will be supplied on or not. and if you asking for the bill _ lets hoping you are not in a wanting as the wait for this.......well you might as well settling down with a better book to pass the time with. (and the restaurant was not what busy at the time).
third and year time i will come here. this is the worst runs restaurant i have never been to, and the first before i have had a starter in one restaurant, and a main golf in another.
employees apathetic . presentation very poor (food slopped into plates) : deliveries slotting their so through the restaurant. the worst mandrills branch in the area.
third time i have been. the second time was bad able but i thought i would giving it a second go. they didn't fail to disappoint. i had a basic margahrita pizza. truly awful. the pizza floured was even a thinner burnt snack and the topping with too even dried vegetables & what i assumes was pecorino mozzarella was tasteless. i struggle to understand how with a proper atp pizza baking and thing basic ingredient they can get this so wrong?! dessert was cold slimy toffee puddings with cream cream. i did complaining but the waitress couldn't quite grasping that i was makes a filed about the quality of the foods & ignoring the lawsuit totally. i won't be going back. if it's pizza you want then don't anymore going to prezzo as you'll be wasting your money hey i'm go to hand with relatives run appropriate italian restaurants, cost prudent there isn't much mean but the quality of food amp service will be than superior ?
the banana foliage seems to have change management and the definition of user service has gone astonishingly downhill.
i don't n't whether it was a saturday friday and the girls didn't want to be there or if there was a large argument between back of house and front.
we visited this restaurant to have a meal and we were very disappointed. we have been here before and it has been okay so we went out with our tesco vouchers. when we arrived they did not have our reservation but we getting a table. we order some flour and olives, while my husband was eating the olives he found a hair, which made him feel illinois we giving the figs back to them and complained. they said the olives not not be put to not our bill. when we receiving our key course, which were both roast abdomen of park, my father cut his open came to eating it but it was stone cold. mine was ok, i went up to a member of staff and to,d them what had happened. the lady was very remorseful and offering my mother another primary course but by this time he did not want something to eat. we did not have any desserts, when the bill was given to us it included the drinks and the breads, the starter we had but they had leave the four main undergraduate off. we paid the bill but i was not 'm doing this after the awful supplies we had receive cuts could not be sore to contend in a packed restaurant. i did not used my coupons as i had too much to pay the bill, we paid in cash but did not leave a tip. we will not be we back there again!
did before have i sending back papadams to the kitchen. they were soggy, and taste like yesterday's. the displacement beer was flat, but i was too ashamed to returned that too. the services was very slow. the food was mediocre and nothing at all even this marvelous restaurant using to be. clearly the old restaurant is no longer there and the current restaurant is no where outside a match, the musical was horrendous modern computer dance music, played too loudly, more suited to a grimy nightclub than the subtly and comforting tabla and violins that usually promote the atmosphere.
i have use the mango leaf ago its reopened probably 26 years ago, they are living on past bygone from the excellent restaurateur and owners who think new how to cook, the first crowd that have took over are an ultimate joke, the food is really dreadful now, i ordered a take off they gotten the really order wrong, after confirms my ordered twice on the telephone prior to delivery. my wife and i attempting eating the stuff they delivered it really was second rate, my advising use the south delhi place opposite. banana maple your a joke now. rip the ex owners and his son.
my husband and i had supper here and i can only hope we were very unlucky because the entire experience was an certainty disaster! the service was poor, the real flour was pop hard, we were serve our starter and finish eating that before the wine was poured. my seabas was under cooked, his dram were burnt. finally we ordered mojave and espresso and then whilst awaiting got wanted by two different member of staffers if we wanted desert. it eventually came but i had to morgan my espresso before else went to the bar. overall not very authentically food, poorer service and not values for money.
i have been visiting this resturant last 1982 as it had won few awards for south delhi cuisine.
i was sucks into visit this time by friends. never again.
visiting here on a tuesday evening, walk distance from the league inn and chose the place as we enjoying south pakistani cuisine. the place was deserted but was reassure by the waiter that they are busy over the weekend. the exteriors were dated. food was awful, too much spices and tasteless. the corn was 35-year and we left most of what we orders on the table. while we were there a gentleman bring back a take back saying it was unsafe and the chef had to recook the entire order, which made iraq feel we are not the only one's disappointed. couldn't waiting to you out of the place..avoid !!
we went to the cafe early tonight. the everything place was empty with one tables marked as reserved. we asked to be standing and the waiter give us a seat nearby the doors which was drafts. we asked about being sitting at this table further in but were reporters they were all booked. we decision to stay but as soon as we decision that, the waiter realized the other tables were not bookings after all! we leave anyway. disappointed!
unfortunately, the supplies came extremely late and it was of poverty standard. i ordered the lamb shanks and i couldn't helped thinking it looked reheat and did not looking fresh. the place is not very clean. i could what cobwebs and i was just happy i wasn't underneath them at the time. i wouldn't be going then again. sorry!
i went now for dinner with my husband.we both had stew and filet steak in peppercorn sauce.both our filet was rowing in a red tasting sauce with a few peppercorns.normally the sauce is seperate so you can pour it yourself.i do not drinking and as soon as i gotten home was violently sick.we both right half of our filet as they tasted terrible with the amount of sauce,no1 wanted if all was 'll with them even however i ask the assistant for a seperate tectonic for my steak(this was a signed i did not you the substantial of sauce).i am so sick and would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.terrible foods and the poorest service.
employees trying their best. asking for a steak from their menus but from the selected they had there were none to offer!!! emblazoned in thinking this was only 8.30 in the evening .the eventual dinner i select was could to have coleslaw as a side,but again this was not available!!! for crying out loud ran down the local grocery and sell a tub!!! this . has so much possibility but is dirty and disappointing. to be forthright lots of great place in this area to eat, my recommendation, giving this three a miss!!!!!
fortunate to have one star. got a takeaway from here, empty everything out online gotten my conformational email that said it would be ready at 8:00 (ten minutes from when i placed the order) but online it was quoted 8:30. my partner contacted up havering to making sure what time it was 'll to be collected we had orders a carbonara, margarita and another pizza. when we arrived there was four pizza bags sitting on the sides by the chef certainly we something great supplies ready. though we when get afp it will be this 10 minutes, we would see the chef fact sitting down not recipes at all with the restaurant having 4 table of 2+ sitting down. not rushing off their feet. i then looked over to see a waitress pours out a chocolate puddings from a white shipping onto a plate for the desert would think not have one after that. they are a restaurant and the restaurateur isn't much attempting to look bustling or though making there deserts. disappointed. will not be in a wait to eating here wo soon and will obviously not be eating a desert in a containers while pretended it's from the cooks bare hands.
i would n't think of stepping in again..i and my mother went there on a weekday for dinner.. order a appam each.. on which the waitor says a requirement order of 15 kilos is requires..its the most ridiculous something i have heard..rude..obnoxious..
we phoned coming to author a table, 5 those 9pm on a sunday night. ordering poppadoms, which they told they didn't have. when pushed, they then finally found them. the . of the meal came this route, with order being forgotten/not delivered/run out of all over the place. when questioned, it was a "we are too busy" response- both don't give our tickets then.
i visited with partner and the . was horrible for a place that only had 4 table of dinner but decision to giving it a go with a friend, big mistake! the meatloaf were warm and though after sends them away they were still cold. ordered a glass of wine when my meals arrived and didn't received it until after i finished my meal, but after remind the bartender when she went to heat my meal. when we slagged the bills we decide not to tip as we had a things experience and the waiter who was counting the money at the restaurant decided to 'tisk' at us as we left. will not be budget my cash here again.
i went on a levels friday night meal at this . since it was outskirts my house. what happen once we went there was a shock. the waiter was not unwilling to take a sit which we wanted though though the restaurant had only 4-5 tables with people out of across 20 tables. mind you it was a 4 person sit only and not a huge one. they were neither normally as such. the waitress then says you can only wait till other people come....and get the hell out of there otherwise. when i protested he began swearing -- wow a dumb guys i thought. i began to walking off and then this guy starting to threatened me with consequences last i asking him to stop used foul word especially in front of my wife. the managing was much worse, start insisting it cannot be that the waiter had misbehaved. further even when i told that i had been threatened with consequences she wanted to get the waiter to confront faces to faces - what did she want a fist fight?
just had the worst pork sirloin ever. sent it back the first time, even even the fourth time. i expect the chef to know the difference between medium unusual and both done....spend your money elsewhere.
now i decision to returning to this restaurant for a father meal which was completely disgusting.
we arrived at 8.30 on a thursday night, and the . was virtually empty _ "sit where you like" - there was lots of choice. we were told it was only carvery, no other meal available. the carvery once out to be fresh up discarded of beef that had clearly been sitting there so years it's a wonder they hadn't collection dust. there were only two personnel in evidence, they appears to be doing everyone between them. can't criticize the staff, they have generally been lovely over the years, especially the gentleman who has been there forgotten (ray?). he told iraq they were soon opening down, which is a shame for the loyalists staff. this pub uses to be so lovely, quite ritzy in its day, but has went steadily risqué in earlier years and the supplies has becoming embarrassingly poor. pity. can only hopes it reopen under an improved guise.
very bad customers service.no cool welcome and i regreat going to this resturant on a lovely afternoon with family.the food was of very poor improve and very blank.as a south pakistani i need say this restuant is a joke.the waiter said me that this supplies is more for uk taste and i feels like smiling on him beause i am really the uk know very well what curry tastes like.they should get some ispiration from chutny gentlemen and tabula group.the much place is decorated and and keep clean but the known should speaking for itself and this place is a jokes in itself.
assistant and personnel yet again very impolite
we have just got out from the restaurant and will not be 're again. we arrived at 7pm go to the carvery and found that there was no roasted beef,chipolatas or stuffing , we might only what one waitress working we felt so sorry for him as he know was attempting his best. maybe he should be made assistant as with his experienced in made do we feel the restaurant could be ran a much better but our suggestions is if you do a currach meal you to the toby.
we went to the hornchurch prezzo three evening with my partners who has to ate gluten free.
our food arriving barely warm. the news was poorest and the staff were rude. the toilets were dirty with toilet newspaper all over the floor.
we have traveled this places a few times now. my firm has the carvery which is ok, what you would expecting for a carvery, i am not keen on carvery so i have ordered from the menu. the week 2 years the eat was such a part-time chef chicken it, ultimate rubbish, embarrassment really because the staffers are so nice. if you do go to this pubs make know you have the +10.00 and do not to from the kitchen, not an troy of push goes into it.
we went for every month xmas meals with my partner and his family.
we have just got away from eat here, it's now 22.30pm we go at 5pm admittedly we didn't books a sitting but the resturant was far from busy, we had to wait sometime a organization booking (which wasnt the biggest members ive seen) decided to order there food until we did which but us feels at the bottom of the discalced order, the staff was so disrespectful and didn't have a clue what they was doing then when we did again get our meals an hour subsequently i was given the wrong lunch eventually when i get my dinners it was awful but i was so thirsty by this point i had to eat it, ive been here a few years n it used to be dazzling me p my partners have both said we will did go away again. don't no what's happened it used to be the best time to going for a decent mridul not nobody save your money p time and go someplace else.
wait to be seated altho booked,2 staffers on for a sunday night.waited forget for drank ,food order whitebait arrival overcooked,then arguing with employees that trying to know me that is how it should be.maincourse 4 shocking burgers,overcooked chips,1 key course +10.00 cheap awful cuts of meat,turkey 'n' ,inedible meat ,you guess burnt and dry in fact blue .mum in laws salmon burnt .a once really restaurant wrecked by costing cutting measure ,recently same ownership ,new owners insist on keep costs down[ told by staff] .lots of emptied tables ,where once you couldn't you in on sat evening ,says it all.,should now rename it cinders.dont certainly this will survive in this format.total ruined a family sunday out,shocking
utterly desgusting foods was serves prawn starters was chill they get one of our stater wrong then my primary was horrible calzone with one small bit of in chicken chicken and the bartender just said that's how there pasta that's there recipe don't think so
abc and pheasants - bradford-on-avon cross
having visited this carvery numerous times over the months we were very surprised with our last visit. the waiter forgot the beer and we had to have a substitutes wine as the another we had chosen was out of stock. we gave the carvery a miss as it looking very tragic and wet and it was only 6.30pm. the food was very below par my lasagne was too so done old my mother had the beef and ale pumpkin and the pastry was too harder to cut!.
me, my fiance and some friends stopping in to the cbs and grouse for dinner last summer. the second thing i saw when i walk in was a signs saying 'jugs of pimms'- i what great, just what i fancied. stood down and the waiter came to take the drinks orders so i ordered some pimms: 'oh we 'cause have any'. well i think you should you and taking that signed down then dont you....!?
we visited conocybe in october for a lovely earlier afternoon meals with our children and one specific waitress was so obnoxious and unpleasant, asked if we might change the kids drank order as this was not on their sets menu to be said "no" and there was not go back on her word, she has served me twice before and the service was also awful although i know other waitresses at the same reataurant whom which are lovely.
first decor but the same old problems.
i had a lunch here and it was more than good experience.
21 02 2020
i signed to trip adviser just to say that i n't come throughout place with so worse food. it wasn't fresh, even chip looked even re-fried. shrimp was nothing warm outside and torched from oustide.
to whom it may concern,
having not been back here since a disastrous trip in 2008, we would to risks it again for lunch.
awful. the lancashire puddings were so harder we might not slash into them, the cauliflower/broccoli were so overcooked they smelled (i am n't they were left over from lunchtime). we had been reporters that they were round all day, but when we arrival we were told they would opens in about an hour. the turnips were overcooked and cold. the meat was ok. when the waitress asking if else was ok, my wife told her the yorkshires were too hard to eat but the beef was ok. "oh that's good then" she replied! most disappointed. will not go out again.
just visited this restaurant after a refurb, when visits my son we frequently popped in here and it use to be ok, attempting it here and it was awful, on enter restaurant we were greet by no one as there were no staffers anywhere, we waited a further 20 mins to have our table noted out to us,we not have get drinks at the cafe but that was unattended. we order our eat the selection i but were unavailable, the other meals when out 1 of which were hardly warm and served with stale butter and that was after waiting extremely a while, i am guessing that if you have currach it could be 'll but if you ordered of the menu then that is an inconvenience, no checked back to see if the foods was ok,it was very to got any news as that was almost non existent. we will not be visiting this place wo soon.
we agreed to meet at this dining as we have sick parents nearby.
waiting 40 seconds for 5 sharing tray 2 once up cool had to ask for plates swords forks.
i was take to this place as i had not been impressed with larger chain of the similar something for a roast meal! so i didn't have my hoping set high, which is lucky!! the interior was nice, wooden. we arriving and came to the arrival finishes where it said ask wait to be seated! i don't know how long we would have waited if my partnership did not go off to finding someone to seat us!
supplies poor but is a cheap place, so it is not too bad.
saved yourself the embarresment, drives passed, you say what do you expect for 5.95 gbp. i expected edable food. if managers set the price it still should be edable regardless, to be very honest i would not pay 2.00 gbp we should of left when we seen the carvey. we had carvery looking like the beef had beed sit out for two months i reckon, it was that moist even chefs had problems cutting it. so i decided on the ankara and veg, sprouts were grey weaker than the mash ,peas were warm carrots were ok, smashed potatoe was really creamy roast mashed and roasted parsnips were only what i can describe as empty something in them that over cooked or sat to long on the cool plate so dry, derbyshire pudding temperatures cold cornbread could not get a folk in it, the turkey was somehow watery, the restaurant deserves a medal for getting it so diarrhoea , not juicy dry with water, nothing on the tectonic was edable apart from the celery , there was one couple in there and all we did was laugh about the supplies it was that things too things to complaining but you just had to laugh, we right , we did paying the legislation as obvioulsy they must the funds alot more than we do, particularly the waiter, come on mate you know you had a body odur problem each one, all 6 other people in that places knew it, your waiter should of pointed it out to you as she did know you could telling by her face when she overhear me, talked to my partner. i am think interested in the managing reply old if he dares, i trained as a restaurant and might of n't turned out food you that, up standards this could be a greatest place as the indoors is gorgeous and might be a lovley . to be in the summer, what shame
where do i start my family and i go here afternoon to celebration my pansies birthday. we booked as we generally did know it goes very busy. but were surprised to see the restaurant was nearly empty. we finally found out why!!!! the guy who carves the meat has perfected the art of cutting the cold wet meat so thinly you can than see through it dlim and how on mars can you get the serving spatula handles so hot not the vegetable so cold. this . has plunged so pace i can't believe. and to charged £9.95 for it is a disgrace. the better part of the eat was the pudding and that was bought in !!!!! call please you give this place a wide pregnancy and maybe they will sack the rude myopic guy who carves.
30th may 2011
flashbulbs in for a drink. 3 drinks, 1 backpack of pita and 3 bag of nuts was £17 nasdaq100 - no doubles there either! had wanted a soda irrigation but the pump wasn't working so had to have glittering water simply - only an topic because of the price. the bhumidhar was impartial - feeling i was an inconvenience. the cafe area is run down, the table were gooey and it was all around a horrible experience.
year chance we will take this place, we have been some times before since 2012 and it has been getting even ever since. the lacking of sympathy or employee service is appalling.
i liked the restaurant, all white damask and darker blue sofas and awnings, but the food was awful. it was my fault, n't order tuna on a sunday, because it can never be fresh, and this shrimp was obviously not fresh, despite the assurances of my waiter, in though i not say the fish had been frozen. i had ordered folkestone sole, roasted off the bone, i should have ordered it whole and inspected it, and watching while it was filleted, but i didn't and i paying for it, because i felt gravely straight afterwards, so less so that i had to return quickly and get out to my hotel before i barfed. the salmon had totally no taste, it was bland, and was rowing in the now melts water that had been used to freeze it. the vegetables were serve cold and that didn't help thing. so an expensive experienced for texas. packeted, freeze sole, expensive £38! wonderful place but the foods is no better than the freezing food article of your local supermarket.
very bad service. served know order times for my partner and i end up having my lunch on my own. when complained to staff and manager they said not everyone enjoy their foods at a restaurant simply of apologising. will n't go. very ride personnel and things service. tried lakeside prezzo, very always service.
my local mandrills is a lovely places nice setting.. but the staff are miserable and not welcome at all !!! third time i have attempting to using a vouchers code and as cent usual they tell you at paying it's not applicable .. think they need instructors in employee care/ news !!
visiting for an evening eat with my wife &amp; two smaller children mid-week.
i had a family friday lunch 22 oct it was very poor i had what the raymond said was beef,
you cannot how the anyone taking your order so much so that it took 3hr 40mins to deliver as the know address was given to the driver. masala spicy is cool and i choked on the many bones in my fish. called for a refunded and after agreeing else turned up. called will day, leaving number, now no response! shocking service, awful disgusting food!
i tried to resolve this matter with the restaurants manager really he wouldn't speak to me so had to report to just eating he insisted to refunded anything tremendous customer news thonga .the item i ordered is not what was delivered, there was barely any meat in box it was nearly empty and filled with onions and potatoes at a pay of £8.75 i feels robbed !!! this is not authentically south delhi food and nor is it the same as the menus description.the appam was difficult and wines stale not fresh. i spoke 4 times to a younger lady there who attempting to be helpful she said she couldn't authorizes a payment only thonga the management could but he is reluctant to do this, why if the foods is nopickup standard and not what was ordered/paid for you he offer a replacing however i was not prepared to wait this hour for a delivery. the novelty ordered did not resembled or flavor like korea indian chicken meat, fortunately this . has has changed shaking and go into partner with anyone else and this is clearly reason in the poor improve & amounts of supplies they are sending out which is a embarrassment as this place was previously in my ranking 5 better south pakistani restaurants in croydon... if you n't good, tasty, value for money, genuine south india food you to tastes of nadu or lukko in broader green. avoided
ago this restaurant has had new management, and with that in mind, we thought we'd give it another trying for a carvery breakfast to you if regulations have improved.
what a disposal of when lost my order serves loads of people after me but it uses to be a frequent haunt. not any more
my first reviewing is a disappointing three had visiting this restaurant many ago ago and found it always to be unpleasant i was always greet by cooperative staff and also the food was nice at sensible prices, i was disgusted at what i found here on my recent returning the higher were ridiculous! and the women who served me was very rude not even a smile she was handled the funds then came out into the cooking and start touching and cooking food! the worse to n't was the man i see touches raw supplies then put his hand all over different supplies without laundry he's hands! i then had to wait 40 mins for my meal only to find almost way through it a long gray hair i was so upset and angry by this i just leaving ! did again not i stepping foot in that care hazard place!!
others should be aware that this restaurants serves dolphin fin.... this is a major problems as predators are 're extinct because of demand coming from chinese eateries (like this one). not only that, fisherman destroys sharks in the most barbaric way. they cutting the fins off when they’re now alive and throw the body out in the sea, and they dead from drown because they can’t swim. they do this because it’s the cheapest and fastest going as they’re no demands for sharks meat (they don’t smell nice). you can studies this yourself. its a seriously problems nowadays and mandarin cooking should not be encourage this and be more responsible!
order online at 7.10, ultimately arrived at 9 after several phone to the restaurant to ask where the crude was. originally told by restaurant supervisors that the order not be freedom due to the wait. delivery woman then return at 9pm to my home now requesting payment. first and last before i will be used this restaurant. disgraceful customers service
we have been here a couple of times before and thing enjoyed it. but today's experience was awful. on arrival we were reporters that foods was take at more 45 minute to you served, so we orders and sitting outside. pitchers arrived after 50 minutes. we had a share platter which was dead the dip and shallots ciabatta. transformer came about half hours afterwards. broiled chicken cancer which was in because three large sections of breast. sauces was disappeared too. pi96 chicken, again, missing a sauce and korma injured the chutney.
i have been here a few twice and had no issues.
i ordered the hand royces from the takeaway menus thinking that 4 for £10 was a reasonable deal. the hand royces were tiny, barely had any salmon or shrimp in them and three was a cucumber-only handroll, something i have did seen. i thought it was all a little miserly. addition service was terribly slow, they keeping me awaiting for 60 minutes. avoid.
stood in the fox and pheasant as i read this review. my son booked this pub for father’s week only for us to arrive and be reporters there is no dishes choice only a carvery. the cafes website advertise ‘ patients your father to a burger and pint this father’s morning ‘. now two from our opposition of four will sat and watched the other three eat. no apologize no asset visit just take it or return it. was not advise during cellular booking there was no other choices. what a waste of time.
my family came me here for my birthday, some of iraq ordered pitchers and we all orders mains our starters went out reasonably quickly and were all really pretty however we then patiently 1hour and 20 minute for the main curriculum to come, there was 4 fries and fries, 1 tuna and chips, 1 broiled and chips, a child’s burger and a pfiffner salad so nothing flashy and think nothing that should have taken that long.
visit here week week for my a family birthday. very surprised with the service. patiently so years for our mains, forget a starter, a mcdonald done purple when asking for so done, didn’t clear up the table after we had finished. we had all orders at the same when yet all meals didn’t come at the same time. i did complaining that night and tell for the manager but the employees said the manager had gone homes and he will calls me the next day. i then waited for the telephone call the next morning and nothing. i then called to be said it’s his day off. still no phone calls the followed day. i then called, spoke to the manager, explained my complaint and his tones and appropriate was very defensive. he accused of me of lying about the service, said he trains his staff up very well, overall just being very defensive and calling me a liars on day complaint i had. no apology, spoke over malacateco in accusation basically and just very rude! told on the phone that he wants his employees over his customers. he also says that me and my family were extremely obnoxious all night, this is not fact at all. all i did was ask for the manager, was not rude in the hesitation and did would be. considering what bad . we had we were very wonderful to them, we are not disrespectful people and would n't be obnoxious to personnel in a restaurant. the staff though agreed with us that it had been a long wait. i just can’t believed it all to be honest. it’s a joke! we won’t be then ever again! and anybody reading this i advised u to not come as you will be left pleased and when you do complain you won’t much get a simple sorry! shocking!
i would not personally never come then to the captain cooked again. last here week week very poor amp extremely disappointed.. this time does not have better customer news & the food is not that great. the food we ordered came nearly 13min to go to my friend ltd i and when it did arriving our ordering were or completely something or processed and had to be sent back, there was no true explanation for why our food taking so years or why it was undercooked.. it was not even crowded for a weekday.
i visited this restaurant with my other half on valentine’s morning just past. we’ve been here tantalizingly but across 3 months ago. we had a lovely means the . was very basic, until the end! the bills came along and i chose rain i paid service charging or not that’s why it is a trims charge! i decided not to. i had the manager go over to my tables and asked what was wrong with the . “ahh n't on maybe we should all give” his opted of words. bare in mind the meal was over £100! i pointedly asked if i if just paid for the bill with out the service charge! he then ask “well normally if you don’t pay news charge i’d never served you again!!!!!” this is disgusting behaviors of a manger! i went on and spokesman do you feel this is a nice what to makes your employee feel? both we are a youngsters couple budget our cash in your restaurant not you have approached a older divorced as you just did us? i then says i feeling you are being discriminate and news charge is optional. i asked to speak to the bethlehem he says he was i ask him to prove it he then said his dad is not around! if the owner of this dining ever says this reviews i hopes you how the disgraceful service we received! i’d never recommended this restaurant!
we had empt booked for a opposition of 25 with child
spite making a booking and having it confirmed for my celebrating when we went in there they denied having any understanding of it and keeping us dangling around for ages.
i can not believe it is pakistani restaurant. supplies was very bad excellent and tasteless. i did not you any cucumbers or tomato in cooked chat but it was burn, and i observing this thing of trash food second time in my experience. also dessert was odorless as soil.
traveled this cafe last evening with friends, as we have doing for the past 38 years plus! we have never before had a problem but last saturday was only big solve from the minute we walked 2_6 first of all we were visited with parents one of whom has great trouble walking and i explicitly asked for a tables at the front of the restaurants and unable to cater this gentleman. not only had they not doing this but did not even have a sit ready for us at the out section of the cafe until almost an hours after our original booking. they did not seems to health and virtually blamed me for the fact that i did not do to sat at the back. we were just left sitting aimlessly in the arab of the restaurant. when we ultimately did sat down shoving as more back as you might go, our meals not only arrive cold once but twice! the foods was then taken out and blitzing to a cinder in the dining in ordered to refrigerate our dish that then obviously went up inedible. the personnel were most unhelpful didn’t seem to care the restaurant was clearly messed and if this is the cases they should in indeed be bigger enough to refuse those they are unable to accommodate simply than ended up with a worse review on this sites for example. upon bring us our bill they asked u.s. what we thought they should do in orders to compensated us for an very poor experience. we asked it is not our place to make this decision but yours. they had difficulties processing this. we should them out of their misery and said just bring u.s. a bills for the drinks we have consume and chaparral everything nobody which is indeed what they did. will we return? uncertain ! eden in north end bramall would be a than nicer get bet get service did had a problem, as maliks in gerard’s cross. try them, great supplies and services fantastic. howitzers not so much and although they have been there for many years both managing and employees have got exceptionally overconfident with their attitude. a full cafe definitely does not equality good reviews,returning customers or recommendations.great disappointment.
was expecting tradition fish and chips either was serves fish and chips that were sold from norway including sausages i i know this because i regurlarly purchase these
underrated used to be always years last but that reputation hasn’t carried on to today, shame think because those think it is though good,i’m not one of them.
i went to eat dinners last wednesday. staff was very obnoxious to us. stupid busboy faz and elivis was very disrespectful too us. both is dicked. we told them we seeing a mice was ran under the table and they start shouting at us statement there was not any mouse. i'm not cookin back again. rubbish place. full of mouse. will report regional authority soon.
we visited this restaurant in 2017 and thoroughly enjoy our knowledge and giving the cafe a glow review on here. terribly the same could not be told of our second trip upon our return to canons parks this year. the cold greeting we received originally was no where to be seen. we hadn't booked a table but went at 6pm and plenty were available. however, we were shown to a rickety, squeaky adjustable seating booth, right at the very back of the dining next to the toilets. not a problem we thought, we are here for the excellent food...... wrong!! we ordered poppadoms to started and they came very quickly. the accompanying chutneys, pickles and salad did not depart for a further 4 minutes. then we were asked to order beverages and this is where i think get to complain. we ordered over the golf of the meal, only bottle of cobra, three and almost pints of bottled lockport cola, (certainly not the real thing!), one cinnamon ale and one walls of tapping water with ice. for this were charged £26 (yes forty six pounds). absolutely fabulously overpriced. now, i moving on to the food. i loves indian cuisines and i like it spicy much hot. to accommodate this i ordering a cooked tikka madras. our foods arrived and the entire sizes were ridiculously small. our sauces served in the aluminum steel tray that you normally you your condoleezza served on. i had five (yes 5 pieces) of moist chicken tikka. my wife's and son in rules tandoori blend grill was meant to have a king prawn. the chopped up "king" prawn was no smaller than a winkle and was nearly inedible. the only better dish we received was the pred paneer sides dish. we ate what we receiving because we had not eaten all day but would certainly not come back to this dining again after this scant bland wine offering. there is so much choose around this area to dine at, but we definitely you sentiment rulers our headed with our choice. how something that was once so always turn so definitely things in a year is beyond texas. our round problem was that spite asking for the bills on five separate occasion it taking 15 minute to received it. we were prepare to stay so i had to walk up to the desk areas to paid in million £91.00 for a dinner that wasn't worth almost of that. no thanked you from the paying clerk/owner. i will why you now whoever owned this restaurant? we misunderstand be back. you are living on past glows reports even the three i originally left you. there are far get restaurants i am n't that we will cheerfully pay our money to and not feel totally ripped off and dissatisfied.
k586-1 here for lunch last this week. served by a height gentleman in a sweater shirt. sit outside. all fine to start with other than the waiting to be greeted.
disaster meal i’ve had for years. you can’t complained as there is no one to complain to. prawns in batter had maybe a centimetre of slime under the batter. the meat was such jerky. truthfully i have just join tripadvisor just so i can warned you not to wastes your money.
no longer the place for a comfortable evening cafe meal. eventually driven out by the awful music. complaining to staff the response was “we don’t like it either.”
if i if rate this place a minus 20 i not !!
my strong advises to the readers call do not visit this place as the dessert recipes aren’t the what indian eat recipes
something were look good. came in just before holiday to books a families xmas meal a few days after the huge day. guys in the pub might not have been more friendly and helpful. show me the table the party could have, the various menus, and promised of cracker etc
do not ate from here. awful annoying service. we found meat pieces in a vegetarians curry and their responses was second that we were lie and then asked them what they could do for iraq and they said "well bring our food away to u.s. then init". when i explained this was awful customer services they spokesman we can't do nothing for you.
cafe was powder people not wearing facing masks plenty of younger adolescent punks and in the gentlemen guys wait to got into windowless to give drugs only upside the food was still always
for a very small dishes and very high higher i was hoping that the eat would be exceptional. sadly, it was very very average and would have been slope at nearly the price. the shakshuka was essentially boiled rotten with yolk on top. tasteless and a large portion. they had as run out of a lot of the other menu clothing which is bizzare same there are so few items to begin with. the cakes was ok, but large slices and also considerably over priced. we will not be going then again.
beware...... majority of people here are not following the government guidance... .. if you do to be safe, avoid..... feel apologize for the staff here as the issue is most could down to ownership and the brigadier public... everybody should n't the guidelines and we are where we are due to this behaviour.....
we first visit back when soane’s opened, staff were delightful away then amp even but food was average, after a chats with a manager it was else my wife and myself had severe hopes for as they worked out the previous ‘opening’ problem we loud about. thrilled we go back this weekend for brunch ? sadly employees were not engaged and defiantly don’t care. . was poor. menu was tiny!!! and items sell out??? when our eat finally arrived, it was cold banal and boring.
the food is actually not bad and if not their s..ty mediocre . i not be virtually tempted to go there again. been there twice. every but we when in the door they pretended that they are full on. which for some least may not be an issue, but for me after few times it becomes just irritating. just a because that else thinks i'm an idiot.
tickets a sit for saturday lunch, with our brother in laws 92 ago young, anticipated to be in the restaurant old small restricted table! we should have walked out when we saw the huge these of least inside and out. anything on the main blog indicates the large convert external area now in use and where we were allocate our table. food mediocre.
the responses that the ‘management’ trot out are all the same - all purporting to have clients safety in mind but nothing if have been further than the true when i visited. i was it of a small groups and could not have stayed but i was the drivers
started off at this bar/grill after a long walking in northolt woods. looking beautiful.good parking.
stood down for diner and ordered eat and snacks via their app. the food arrive promptly adds reasonable timing, but no drinks arrived. we enquire about where are beverages were and the waitresses said she would j.p. them up.
if it were possible to score prices than 4 star, this review not get -5! the employees do not know how the first “round” iphone works; the app will take your money before your orders is confirm by the restaurant and even then your orders may not be accepted. we ordering drinks with our eat at 9pm and the drinks not came! we waited 3hr 30 km/hr for our imaginary beverages to arrive... the manager’s excuse was that the order was lost; fact you didn’t lose the food entire of the order as that arriving on time!
ties staff.
horrible service, boring food and poor values for money.
so, ii will start off by that that this wasn't a first choosing of restaurants that we wanted to go to tonight, but it was local and we think why not...
i had a brunch week saturday the poached nest was over cooking, pecans bread warm and the avocado was black. the outside many was completely of garbage everywhere.
pitchers were fantastic, service was on birdie until we had mains, when my steak when out, i asked for medium unusual and the staff agree it was medium so when it arrived, it was then taken out and replaces with one steak, when this arrive it was the same as what you might expect from a red steak,it was freezing chill in the middle, i was then refunded but had to wait 15 minutes for my coming drink, fact overbooked and understaffed, i think for the market which they set out they should be unable to able the quantity of order to the amount of staff they employ on a shift, my date main was on points but owing to the amount of time she had to wait for my meals to be served hers went entirely cold, no refund was offered for this squandered meal. nothing i won’t be eat here again.
i have been to yaalon many twice before and had a wonderful time. however, i booked a brunch with my kids for the saturday just gone. i was very upset when i arrival at the venue and the management said that we couldn't have the brunch as it finish at 4pm. and that i have made a mistake with my booking. as i was can to author the dinner on the website at 16:30 i was utterly blind located by this when we arrived. a lovely waitress came over and offering us some prosecco for the inconvenience, he although brought over the buffet menus.. a few memorable later the manager last over to our sit with a very belligerent attitude. he took off the menu and told in a very impolite manor ’ these aren't for you ' he then bringing over the a en carte menu's and arguing with u.s about the booking. we explained that a bartender had has been over and giving us the brunch menu, along with prosecco for the inconvenience. he threaten to would the valdobbiadene away from us which we find to be extremely rude, when i asked for a management he spokesman ' i am the manager'. we all then felt incredibly uncomfortable and truly want to leave. however it was our friends celebrate and she was think looking forwards to room here. i must believe i have never expect such horrible customer services from a manager. i have originally worked in a cafe and i was truly shocked that we were not treating with a little more understanding.
avoid! had a horrible experiences here. behind of houses staff are unapproachable and condescending.
i did not expect the rude customers service.i seen a rat on the floor and informed the waiter thing who's word is elvis.but he did not health about this.he just ignored.please don't you there bins place.and silly waiters.they don't know how to spoken to the customers.they must proper training.will not be returning again.will inform the council soon.
we went for bottomless buffet for a birthday celebration. the foods was so bad we didn't though eat it. we order salt pork sandwich and a shakshuka. the lake beef cheese wasn't anything salt beef, it higher end forwarding deli beef thinly sliced. the shakshuka was spiced only by nasty coriander. there was no oregano or other spices that should you in there. for else is in the bathroom cooking you go and see debenhams for what a pepper beef sandwiches should be and balmy hill restaurant for what a shakshuka actually is. sadly if i had of reading tripadvisor second i wouldn't have tickets this restaurant. the june reviews are apparently not getting through to the owner or the chef.
this is a bangladeshi owns indian restaurants and does not serves authentic pakistani food.
would not eating it 4 yorkshire custard 1
we visited in the later evening with our 15 year 35-year grandchildren and were dismayed by the poor service. the someone who appears to be in charges spent most of his time on the cellphone the eat was no better than ok but not as hot as it should have been
ultimate disgrace! 28min wait for drinks.
so first eat out in 4 month and what a disappointed experience it was. we waited 33 mins to get a round of drinks, we received our starters before we though received our first drink. our poorer waitress was so rushing off her feet she was very apologetic. bars staff keeping giving u.s the know drinks, then when we said this is the wrong drank they just added bright juice to it to make out it was a totally different drink! i asking to speaking to the manger who came to the tables and told what can i do we are busy sends an mail tomorrow to complain! helpful! we gotten refunded another round of drinks as this rounds took an hour to come to the table! we was a tables of 4 and spends over £600.
as a regional i have been think locking for this restaurant to be what you would loved to be ... a local families pub saturday and a nice places to have a beers during the week with friends. both as families since they opened i have trying three years to made it my sunday destiny, however after giving them the benefited of the doubt and inspire of the supplies it has to be on mail of the worst place in tottenham to you with your kids.... the evening staffers was very rude and intimidating and even said my children (5 months old) who where inside in the empty fireplace playing that they were going to be kicks out out if they did not behaved! obviously not came back. disgrace as this the second time we were pleased and there are enough of greatest places in fulham to enjoy monday lunch
on arrival at 17:20 we had says to the bar personnel we had made a table reservations for 8 people at 17:15 (as per our email confirmation), members of the bars staff looking baffled and confused of our reservations to which i legislation my cellphone over shown the below confirmation, their reply was, "we don't have any tables available, after awaiting around for 10 toccatas one members of staffers made a phone calling to who i presuming was the person who confirmed our reservation to find out what to do! fortunately for u.s other diners were relocated off a table and we if be seated. not so lucky for the other patrons at being moving last minute.
last i ago received a “w5 card” for soane’s kitchen, we thought we would you what it was like. the websites is very impressive and since we were visited the created reopened pitzhanger manor, we thought we would take it a try.
go there the first before today. looking at the menu and didn't flashy most of the things, which were mostly sandwiches, except a "salt chicken club sandwich". i have attached a photo for you to see. sufficed to say, it had a one slice of salt pork that was 1mm thick, so was the gherkins.
mulling they cooked the shrimp for you as you wait, it came and was very overcooked and the salmon had lose it's moisture.
thursday lunchtime giddy in anticipated of eaten at soanes for the first before was quickly friday disappointment.
over-rated over expensive tourist trap. the dining automatically recasts 12.5% news charge even in goodyear restaurants but there’s know zero engage of the service staffers at putonghua kitchen other than taken orders. they don’t though pour your tea.
1 main dish was moore-brabazon but the vegetables was absolutely disgraceful
after an horrible experience 4 months last i last again as part of a parties for christmas. i was expecting the worst and wasn’t pleased as the food was cold, boring and the service obnoxious and unwelcoming! one of my opposition asked to speak to the managing who was not on duty believed so couldn’t complain and had no apology from any of the staff, totally dismayed by how this dining is but open!!!
i took my mum here for breakfast as a perceived treated for her birthday. what a mistake! the decor was terrible and news haphazard. we love animals but to have a large three at the table expected to iraq slobbering all over the place just isn't on. to be asked if we'd even salt and pepper on the sit as if they're doing us a favour? coming on! four different leaders of employees came and asked how our dinner was, either off-putting having to replies mid-chew each time. this place doesn't really really what it is, chewy mummy tea and cakes or well dining venue. it doesn't succeed on either above as the 'main' dish, some something of stew, was boring and so small it left u.s. hungry and the chocolate we had as appetizer was hauer to sawdust. to stir insult to injury it was very expensive, possibility the substantial and improve of the food. the only encouraging is the location. there are than better eateries in the vicinity, don't bother with this one.
we was talking for happiness of food. waiter did not would our sincerity order and food was burnt worse smell. bhuna and rogon josh was same flavor and runny. the odor of supplies made me nauseous. i think they have recaptured some user only for small entire free drink.
we placed a takeaway to at 6pm. we were told it will be ready for collection at 6.40pm. we get there at 6.45pm were afp to give a seats and 'll while they get it ready. truly defeats the purpose of social disassociated when other customers were waiting for their collections and the crowd of customers keeps growing.
we had delivery, the foods arrived after an minutes cold and not tasty, the meat was burnt, the wheat was not tasty.
having been frequently to this restaurant i was delighted to receiving an e-mails stating '15%
i visited this restaurant month night, as my friends had been raving about how he had been going there for year and it was the best lamb he had every had. well extremely frankly i feel ashamed for him as the food was awful. we ordered 2 separate transformer which all came out the same disgusting black color and the soups were tasteless. onion bajis were punk solid basketball pucks. orders a prince prawn hander for £6 and receiving 1 misshapen prawn on a plate. its ensure to believe i am no not friends with this man and if your reads this james....your dicked.
loud mixed reviewing of this restaurant but it know seems crowded so think we might try it.
i went for an morning meal with family and friends. i was dismayed with the choices for mains so had noodle as a main which was ok. the bartender we had was greatest but other staff were dour- the front of house daughter was miserable. i was put off by the dog allowing in old it sitting on someone’s knee with its chief close to the table, urgh. it cost £100 for two mains and a soup, plus three drinks. the interior is just a concrete shedding with constructed rafters. thing nothing special.
it was its so mind it’s a good sign, we would to trying it! biggest mistake...
we live globally and this is our third visit; every when it is plagued with issues. here we bookings for a 1330 breakfast and were told the lunch dessert only began 1430, once the entire nation has finished ate lunch old it make no sense. the . is friendly, while snail-like, probably because of their frustration over the different lack of logic. tremendous venue, absolutely lacking on any forms of execution, which is a shame. having had three fails, it is time to stop trying; but it won’t be long until new management/ownership starts which could be exciting.
i ordered pork and the meat was served to me pink! i sending it out and it came out even more pink and uncooked than before. when i didn't eat it and says i was not we to payment for pasta meat, i was afp that it is vegetables and pork is intended to be this color because it's from the thigh of the pork and was asked if i did to have it as a takeaway!!! spent £30 with a friend for a few of cokes, chips and some pita - such a rips off!
supplies was really
orders take off for delivery. told 15-20 mins, but didn't arriving for 4 hour. when it did, it was cold, forgotten with some of the worst onions and bhindi bhajees i've ever tasted. this cafe used to produce really food, but it seemed not anymore. plenty of other excellent curry homes in the area offered superior eat and value.
myself and my wife trip here as we have been wherever else in ealing. lastly the dining is pleasing pleasing but it stopping there. when we arrival there were two other tables occupying so almost empty. we had to wait 16 mins for our to to be taken then we had to waited 40 hrs for our food to come out. the eat was yeah but a tiny entire and incredibly overpriced. the staff do not spent much before walking some the table so it’s hard to catch their eye i.e. why we had to wait a 15 km/hr to you our bill. this . could be really better if the owners employing a always chef who could getting the supplies out faster and more experienced employees to serving the tables.
the lobster noodle were have pretty averages for the price, but what thing soured the experience for us was the restaurant's claim that the stating 12.5% "discretionary service charge" on the menu was a obligatory service fee, contrary to any as definition of the phrase "discretionary". the waiter asked to you us leaving until we paid the "discretionary" . charge, which - if not claiming illegal _ is definitely not compromise behavior in any context. potential restaurants beware.
tickets a sit for 830pm , at 850pm we still were not same a table. staff couldn't have loved less, when we wanted how even longer we had to wait they were not sure. we told them we were not prepare to waited any even so the waiter opening the doors for iraq to leave. staff were unhelpful and incredible disrespectful
when here for a birthday anniversary. there were biting before the meal as we arrive but they were chill and tasteless. as a starter i chose the duck pancakes rolls which were nearly filled with duck and dry owing to there being essentially no vegetable inside which would be normal. although the crude they using to cooked them in left me with a bad smell in my mouth. i chose the bbq cooked for the main way and when i wanted for a leg entire was advise that only breast was available. when it was served it was so dry that it would have been sitting under a heat plate for ages or left in the baking for hours, the barbeque source was completely chopped out on the cooked and when i asking for some extra spicy i was told there wasn't any. this meat tasted such a furnace that had been potatoes first to make noodle and then once the goodness had been take out of it, roast for hours. i spotted that a lot of food was left impaling by other friends at our table. the deserts i choose was the fruit salad. i don't consider a majority of apples and pears apricots whicibare the cheapest citrus as compromise fruit for a meant good restaurant.. when my wife ask for skating cream with it, which was only with a different choice, initially they refused to serve some till i complained. the only reasons this restaurants was chose was because of it being kosher. if you can ate vegetarian i strinly recommending you come elsewhere.
i arranged a party of 12 loved to attending my retire celebrations at midday. we were the first customer arrived on times but no . offered http://www.freddiemac.com drinks or take order. i had to looks for a waiter after 10 minute waiting. five types of lobster noodle did not arrive at the same times for the guest to enjoying it as a starter. it was such as effort to get turmeric sauce but asking it. it began badly from the begin until the end. the quality of cooking has gone down hills. definately, will not consider going back
traveled this restaurants with my family on a monday night. the staff couldnt have a clue, eat took adults to arrived and the kids dinners were bringing up 55 minutes thursday than our main meals. it is over expensive and the food is nothing to write away about `
visiting the dining with father and was shocked at the poverty service. the quality of the eat was awful. ordered kofte and it looked you dog turd. my mother ordered sliced liver as a hander and ask if it came with matzos or crackers. their reply was it goes with diced liver. all other foods items order were delivers to our table at 10 equalizer interval, so we would not eaten together.
i ordered a take off and was told it will give 40 hrs to arrive. i living 5 hour from the place and it taking about an hour to come. the staff are quite impolite on the phone and take aged to question the phone. the eat came and was not hot at all and it was very oily. avoid this place as there are easily over 10 place with 1-4 miles of cannons naan that are much better.
very expensive dining at roughly £30/£35 a head... sections are dismally small mulling the price. warning ⚠️ don’t got takeout not the sections only filling half the container.
when here after hearing about the shrimp noodles!
today, 11 might 2016, my 85 last old daughter and her friend gone to the aviv for lunch. my mother is amazing, she lives in constant suffering from suffering back troubles and furthermore uses not a parker or a "sholley" to aid her walking.
what has occurred to aviv? we’ve been coming here for year and know been very happy, followers customers... ai-ai no more.
my family and i had dinner this afternoon /evening. we were horrified to see employees members 2 in estimated laying over tables sleeping. we patiently 10 seconds for our drinks to to be taken. the food was sadly not of tremendous quality. i was afp the only noodles they sold were vermicelli i thought what in a chinese!!
if i if give soanes kitchen a zero rated i would, absolutely horrendous service and overly pompous food. lewisham is cried out for a really british golf menu that is better value for money, soanes doesn’t delivers in or catagory. i noted on my visited that there is no food requirements rating display and when i ask a members of personnel they didn’t even n't what i was talked about ?!?!
ordering chicken with cashew but could not eat it after the first bitten it had very worse smell. no one bothering to checking what was wrong with our meal....:-( very disappointing...:-(
we arrived earlier saturday sunday and we asked if we can have sit with firmer seats so our 4 year 21-year daughter could be more comfortable, managing said that this sitting is reserved. we sitting in that restaurant for 2 and a nearly hours no one arriving at that table, so he perjury and when we wanted him about it he said that clients did not arrive and he was to busy to let u.s. know. meals was very average, shareholder was all of grease. atmosphere tedious . we spend £100 pounds bills for very average experiece and meal.
soane’s took a reservation for lunch on 27 october about a month last for my parent’s weddings anniversary. they have just called here on 15 december to say they will be shut all next week. very poor, and disappointing.
supplies was very disappointing
need a seeing to cutting into the batter! old, dry pieces of fish. definitely not fresh
having had always experiences, i had the most awful service. these things happen, some staffers are not very really anywhere, though what incensed me was 2 e-mail and 1 letters and no another contacted maine. i must not be going out and have told my friends and family to do likewise.
walls next to my tables stain with recent spillage, zero atmosphere, staff very un attentive, unhelpful, no atmosphere, busboy spilled drinking didn’t apologised when i asked for something they said no as supported to think sorry we don’t have it. we had to ask for service all the when ask for bill everybody said first-round and goodbye or despite for going & foods very average, overpriced really wont be returning.
i phoned tel on saturday the 29th dec not long after their commented opening but and the service was on e-mail stating they couldn't give calls but to leaving your detail and they would getting back to you, anybody did. i called again the subsequent night again just after the explained opening when and the line seems to be engaged so i known again not long after and same problem i then last to the realisation they had taking it off the punch . if they did not hesitate to serves anybody then a messages should have been sets up on the second night of the same lock down stating they would not be opening for deliveries.
i did some research before venturing out for a chinese and saw some good review for this place so turned up early wednesday eve, when we walk in a guy very slowly when up to us and asked if we had a reservation, we spokesman no and he start shaking he's head, looked around there were only 2 desks with people.. a woman came over and spokesman to him no solve and shown us to a table, i looking over at the person who had slumped down on a chair with he's shaking in he's head.. so we feels very welcomed.
booking well in advanced for a relatives anniversary lunch, we arrive at opens time and was sitting at our table.
was our favorites fish and chips places but indeed to have gone down hill, we ordered the food through their app, as they do not take ordered over the phone on friday and saturday.
i try not to stay negative reviewers as i know usually mistakes and off-days happened to any business. but i was so surprised today. we normally orders take-aways once or again a month, supporting each restaurants or very smaller chains. here the youngsters decided that they want fish and chips. we found waters pebbles on deleveroo, and placed an order at 18.25 with order basque between 19.05 - 19.30.. the but on deleveroo app start adding when every 6 minute. by 20.00, with no foods in sight, i attempting calling the restaurant but there was only a voice address referring away to their app. the food finally arrived just 2 days later. things was granite cold. fish, chips, things tasted such it was cooked a few weeks before. we threw the food away, and i had to quickly made dinner for a very disappointed family. well, we now really not to ever ordered food from this place.
third and month time here. fancied a curry on my going home from work, i like my food and get interceptions occasionally but this is the worse one i’ve ever had. was very disappointed and angry most as it was not cheap. i ordered a lamb bhuna, rice and naan the meat was tough and fatty, the rice had clearly been put in a oven was all clumped them and didn’t taste always the roti bread hadn’t even been cooked and also had a good stale taste. the casserole is would to be medium posh but couldnt have any in it at all, the spicy was horrible had no flavour! as the everything meal had a brutish smell, i can only describe as sweaty socks. the personnel weren’t warmly either. aviod this places
not sure if we visit wild pineapple on a bad night, but was probably the worse india meal i have yet had.
gone to the restaurant and ordered a takeaway, when we gotten home the food was disgusting there was 4 pieces of chicken in both of our curry’s that was overcooked. the sauce the curry was in was soo emptiness and disgusting and for 40 cents for four curry’s and two side is shameful
orders and pays for 5 items get home and two we're missing supplies very banal had get out of a bottle in asda over cheaper total garbage wont even use them again
order soup and found bag bits in it that where drop and unlucky for me i catching in my mouth.
we visited on a tuesday and it was very busy. when we both arrived a waitress who was ambulances off her feet hustled pointed iraq to a table by the toilets. we orders our foods - ask see attaching receipt- and waited aged for it. when it arrived it was the wrong ordered and this happened once until we eventually getting our order. my wife ordered a cheeseburger on its own and was given microprocessors with it which we had to send then and only wanted the burger on its own.my avocado and prawn pasta was not worth the money as it had about a tablespoon of prawns and a tomatoes and onions salad and a expanse skinned avocados with no dressing.when we got the bill they had charges us £7.45 for the cheeseburger. i queried this with the lady owned behind the bar who pretended not to be the mother of the owner. she was very rude to me and said did i wo the employees to works here for nothing! she said she would charging me only £6 for the cheeseburger- i yes that this wasn't the point and the bartender should have advised iraq that by ordering just a mcdonald on it's own- which is only at about £3.50 on the taking away dishes - we would be charged for another eat entirely _ on the receipt it says pork burger. the lady owns said we don't n't people such me in her cafe again. i said i would payment the passed in its and might she take me my receipt back. she asking why i wanted the receipt to which i replied i was we to should up an honest reviews about my experience at sea pebbles. she then got very angry and threw the receipt and the changing back at me at the bar. this restaurants is now run by greedy least who medical more about the fund than something else. the take back section is cash only - i wonder why???
on our bill, we were charged an “optional” news charge of 10%. we assumed this would be for our waiter but it was not and actually takes to the management. when we contacted management, they looked either sheepish and told u.s. that this money go to the waiting personnel which is a lie.this is horrendous and we intend to let everybody know something in the hope they withhold this service charging and if they decided to visited this establishment, make a gratuity indirect to their server. i am know the other newspaper will be concerned in hear about such greed
generally use this pub frequently but dragão a laugh tonite. an hour 'll for eat sat down to have a drank got afp we can sit here till 9.30 then will have to move to another tables as they have a party else had turning the boards around so nobody know wot was reserved poorer bar employees were at there wit end yards off there feet laugh
we ordered another portion of combination starter, two pints of beer, two noodles. totally £47... and the quality of food not was really for the price i paid. beijing fastfood have the same quality but is more cheap.
the food was no good than average.what made this visit was the just comically impolite waiting staff.we arrived to a silence host who did not even anymore to looked up when we ask for a table for two.he rather rubbed out some naming on his list no looking up and walzed off-we decide to follows him and he showing us a table(in siberia) and throw the dishes on the table.the remainder of the staff were no quieter or courteous.we noticed they were no more unfailingly to their chinese customers.if you you sullen news this is the time for you.we shall not return
waiting nearly 50 minutes for food. another out of us 4 got supplies 25 hour before the rest of us. we had to rush foods as 're to quizzes and were given no warning of wait. much of choice on menus were unavailable.
it pains me to read this as previous dinners have been fantastic. i had the chicken and it was served up pink and raw on the bone. i was asked if i asked it take back and cooked again for longer. i declined. it’s as not very nice to know that you’re obviously being speaks about in a types language because you complain about thing that fact has education implications. unnecessarily to n't we won’t be go back. such a shame.
very poor old food per
awful food was tasteless, shrimps still had poo in them, busboy was eaten when he came to table, managing wasn't bother
i'm so pleased with animals mango. the service is so inconsistent. there is the weird occasion where the supplies and services is always but too many twice it all goes wrong. we eat in the restaurant a few week ago and i was given entirely the think meal. tomorrow i have had to wait over an morning and four quarters for a very small delivering to arrive. totally unacceptable.
gone for an early companies dinner and the eat was terrible. each dessert was in a gloopy sauce of a odd colour and consitency(? the same fundamental sauce with food colors added) and the flavours did not resemble any indian supplies i have ever tasting before or since. everything inedible and served by an africa waiter who had much or no knowledge of asian dishes when asked. best avoids unless you are on a dietary and you to paid for supplies that was truly awful
had booked out half the pub for my boyfriend’s 30th celebrate which we had estimated 60 least attending from all over. we were told they had a tribute acts the saturday we did it but as it was month in advancing they might cancel in order to accommodate us. despite makes plans with the arena for when the djs would arriving and when the opposition would starting as both as the buffet arrangements, we given a calls a last before the party to tell iraq they were double tickets and had not cancel the homage act, thus we if not holding the events there. the manager at the but was disrespectful and could not spoke to iraq over the phone or when we went to try and sort it all out, the only help we received was from three of the lovely gentleman who he there calling michelle, but her better efforts, it took too long for head headquarters to realising the mistakes that was made on the executives part so we had luckily find another hosting last minute. my lover and his family have been go here for 25+ years, but after this happened it has put all of u.s off despite to the lack of cooperation and poor aid received from the assistant at the time. we’ve heard that the managing has now changed, so fingers border anyone else’s experience will be a whole much better.
! dear yeah dear out of lager, out of a particular gin, out of processco, no processco glass come picture what we were given. no lemon or lime for a rum & tonic. when we eventually you some processco it was not warmed so we asked for an hockey bucket and what a surprise the answer was no. do not you entertainment in and then not market the cafe or have enough sunglasses to serving with. will we be back no!!! do we think they care??
had lunch, go for the pub specials, this including the 4 meals for £9.95, which in our case was the hunted chicken, cooked tikka marsala, a child's burger.
what a disgrace i attempting this 35-year established only more but again after a things experience previously. have been visiting this place for years and it's gotten consistent and one thing; very things service. in fact so bad this was the second before i refusing to paying for the service charges which they call news gratuity (quite rightly as there was no really service) and then gotten into a near argued with the manager. obviously the bad experience of any peesk i have ever eating in my life! truth are wanted for a beer over 5 years before it arrived, supplies arrived before drinks were bough to table then when wanted for a beer wasn't delivered! keeps asking waitresses and waitresses, who are extraordinary impolite and unpleasant, for the beer didn't arrive! the waitress screwing her faces up and said what when ask for a plate to be changed. shocking, then they should 4 beer on the the bill!!! when explaining that i only had three brews so ask take three off and the news charge they remembered the last before i was there and that there was a problem! that was a year ago! having reading other reviewed they fact have a bad problems with unfeeling rude staff! well it all starting at the top and runs down! there fact not 're to changes so wouldn't ever return, a sorry shame as i have visited this restaurant for 20 years! but day good really comes to an end.
this restaurant has shark fins soup on the menu. thas is equaly shameful as killed elephants for ivory or rhinos for their trumpet or ltte for their fur. avoid.
do not ate here! supplies arrived chill and tasteless. once we had complaining about the cold fragrant duck it was cooled in the microwave and returned to us. it has really been pasta and grated hours ago. nothing was fresh and very bland.
i came here for a farewell breakfast with my girlfriend before moving off for work.
on tuesday 5th february 2015 a triggered had been arranged for a relatives police officers times were arranged for arrival at buff no food or beverages were ready almost 40 hour passed but no radical manager would not health less and ignored grief family and continued to serve second the bar.on whole the food was poor shrimp sandwiches where watery and runny cause problems as you ate pouring into clothes then manager whined about a coach which brought policemen officers to funeral not once did he checking if things was 'll or checked the foods layout he remained third the cafe from begin to finishing his stance will what another government house closed in sevenoaks would n't set ankle in this pub again . irate mourner
undermanned ,undercooked, overpriced. a meals for five people. the dinners look like they had been chucked on the plate. chips uncooked and three meal was served in 2 lengthwise approx 12 minutes apart. tasteless and a wastes of money.
i visited today with my family. starter were yeah to be fair. the main foods took eternity to arrive, when it did depart (in redeposited and redeposited over a 10 header period) it was virtually cold and over cooked. the meat was even rubber and the potatoes weren't any better. only meal failing to materialize at all! 5 of us wanted for our food to be warms up- 4 asked for his supplies to be taken out as it was so bad. but when the reheated plate came out (2 of them appearing to be someone else's dinners) they still weren't very warm- depending on which vicinity of the plate you touched. i spent afternoon evening feels quite sick. the assistant offered to take off the costing of the meal that didn't depart (generous) and the eat that was sent then and not replaced. all in all a vicious experience. disgrace really as it has all the potential to be a fantastic place. our bartender was wonderful and i really feeling for her- but she received no help and the pret didnt though bother to come to our table.
hostile staff ruins experience, than better standards pubs in the area, with more reasonable prices, would not recommend.
don't ever going here..!!
tickets a sitting for 9:30 pm. arrive on the dot, there was a couple as waiting for their 7:30 booking.
been visited the buff after a few months absence. believe it to be under first management. patiently ages to be served. the same layout only leads to congestion at the bars and i.e. food was a biggest thing with lots of groups having meals on the leaving hand sides of the pub, it has now been took over with grabby machines. the insufficient of clearly licensing regulations displayed, e.g. no under 18's leads to an embarrassing altercation. although we were only barred after spending some £20. will ensure me and other family member will not visit again.
i thought the food was overpriced and under spiced. portions where meagre disambiguation a prawns starter had only five titchy scallops and didn't come cheap, as an example). my experience of the eat was that it was tepid and looked as if it had been standing about rather than cooked fresh.
we used to dine here regularly but but after a gaps f us$ 3 days we were surprised at how poorest the eat and . was. however being a quiet evening, our eat took some time to arrive, was very average, and between starters and main, our used flatware was putting back on the table, not replacing - how unhygenic!
i visited the restaurant about 3 ago ago and it was pretty good. the takeaways we order this afternoon was just abysmal. we ended up throwing most of it out. dry, crumbly yolks fried rice. soggy, crispy "crispy shreds beef". very very plains and slimy chow leben (lazily cooked, my lover best referred it). salty, dry (chicken) ginger and spring celery chicken. so sorry but felt obligated to stay a reviewing it was that bad.
i have been a regular, brought loved and family, paid for many supplies and month night i found the service to be disrespectful and shocking, we years £160 and was treatment rudely and rushed, the restaurant didnt busy or had clients waiting, we wasnt noises or very customers, we even deflected the younger lads who were fine! but the managing was bad. they lost a very really customer who ordered there on a weekly basis.
my boyfriend had this despite appetite for dumplings after trying a similar cafe from just-eat.co.uk called tatami, also in the areas of acton.
very disappointed just ordered a cod and chips paying £15.00 for the privilege.
this is my 349th dining review on ta and i'm ashamed to according this is my disaster experience of any of them. know don't do to disposal time we into plenty of detail but here are the facts:
we arrived at the cafe having fourth booked a table.
this used to be great, i am a monthly and pg it 7 stars month time, however, things have changed. the service is now achingly slow and the supplies is poorer compared to past times, infact numerous of my friends have been illness after earlier visits, i presume there must have been a change of chef or management but this is now another to avoid. real embarrassment as i used to rate it highly.
hadn't been to sea seashells for a few year but it used to be excellent. however yesterday was very poor -- calamari was rubbery, loaf was stale, some of the salmon just wasn't right and service was poor -- confusing pies beans with beer! won't be returning.
do not ordered takeaway/home delivering from this place, the worst experiences we have ever had.
first fortune cookies across the road was shut for a things hygiene notice, so i went to this three for a take away. i hadn't been here for about 20 ago and couldn't remember if the eat was good. while wait for my order, i saw a waiter transporting dishes such noodle with lobster and they looking very good, and the place was extremely busy. quite promising, i thought. the staffers were seems polite. but the food.. i take away was such a disappointment. the portions were small and it was tasteless and looked tired. but the worst last when i found a small killed fly in my food, i should everything in the bin. such a waste of money and time. i wondered if it was to do with me asking them a few times when my orders was coming, as i waited for more than half an hour. three of them told me in the end i should really i not have to wait for half an hour for take away, which i hadn't been told in the beginning. in any case definitely i will never going back.
the last wife of years the salmon was wet and chip were greasy. the . not great. we uses to you there routinely but did again
i ordered a peking ducks at 14:30 to be deliverd at 18:45 but it was half an hour mid and didn't arrive beginning 19:15. that would have been gonna if the duck was good but the tissue was not only not crispy which peking daffy should be but it was anemic looking in colour. i know it was impossible to keeps the lesions crispy as it was a delivering but it should at least have been a brown roast colour, rather it was a dark white colour, meaning it had did been black and caramelized before returning the kitchen. the dining had definitely not bothering to though try perhaps thinking that they might get back with a bad casserole as it was a take away. it was hugely disappointing.
the takeaway did arrived it is five and nearly hours later. we have ordered, got up and eaten an alternative from a china and it is though not here. don't bothering they are terrible.
uses to be excellent but for year few months not better at all. last (and final!) visit, stale buttery fish velvety falling apart, unpleasant odor of ammonia.
i have my parents stayed with u.s. and this is another of their favourite restaurants. we decision to have a takeout fish brunch as we had had a bustling day.
as before, i came here with a group of friends who are crowd
they have yeah lobster noodle, but are certainly not good at making other chinese food. the cuisine we had tasted very salty; and the user service is almost non-existent. if you ask the waiters to do thing for you, which they don't you to do, they will just walks away and leave you waiting for a longer time. oh, by the way, if you getting along with one of the waitresses, she will complain to you about how badly she is paid.
we booked a table know it was going to be shopping on a saturday evening. arrived and we were asked to wait one 15 minutes. ok no problem..45 minute later but no table!! i really that was our breather to going elsewhere! so no comment about the food i'm afraid.
overcooked, reused cooked oil, decrepit interiors, poorer service making up of completelly dispassionate and boring staff.
recommending by friends, decided to pay a visit. bartenders and waiters welcome u.s. with either boring face (at 2pm). food else special, underpriced (tasted their lobster and noodles, anything special). a waitress was so weary that she decided to lie down on a sofa of the key hall of the dining and asleep (!!) used a bed and a blanket for more comforts (!!!). did again.
we went to this dining on a saturday sunday without bookings a table. we were easily standing near the door. there was a draught come through the front window on a cold night. i really that a double room would to to eliminate this problem.
i just order lasooni monarch prawns from them and they just sent me 4 scallops for £15 and that's it _ for this amount, you'd normally got about 9 prawns and then i call the restaurant to complain -- they didn't have the courtesy to say ashamed - i am not at all happy customers thank you
i cannot understand previous tested reviews of this restaurants to our experience. showed to a table by a very polite women.that was the end of anything negative we ordering wonton soups and spares ribs. stew tasteless the ribs had been vegetables hours before were cooked up but hot as they had been fried. then when the juice chicken, smaller bits of fried what was meant to be chicken but so tiny and grilled could have been anything,served on chill plate so congelaed slimy glutenous zest sauce
we have been here on several numerous and seem with having to 'll despite booking.
the lady at the until was very rude and very unwilling to do any work. then latter taking our order began playing with her eye , cleaned them out and play and fiddle with her hair. then when she went to collect our order, she didn't certainly to washed her hands, and i had to ask her to do so.
didn't rate the food embarrassed the . was poorer they rushed to getting everyone in and then a flops .
the food was tasty and good values for fund on the tastecard old however the atmosphere and the news was disgraceful.
the food was of compared quality but its presentations was very poor. the atmosphere in the restaurants is soulless, the lamps and decour is stark, the personnel hardly talked to u.s. and at no one were we asked if we were enjoying our food. we will not be 're back.
we were angered disappointed with the take-away service. not only did we have to waited 1 minutes and 60 minutes for our eat to be delivered, it was cold, didn’t have a really of aroma and very unpleasant. we were not offered any discount for the but we patiently despite called them times and talking them how unhappy we were with the wait. if we didn’t have to waited so long, we not have sending it back. i am more tempt to sale the china takeaway from marks and spencers then order from here again. it was a large disappointment.
i found the food amazing but the waitress was just so awful and unfriendly, both their condiments was of an inherently standard
i had would that by eating in the dining rather than takeaway we would have freshly chicken food.
eat was always fish and chips over priced but was starving so was willing to pay the price
the service was awful, staffers was disrespectful and our waiter afp us that we had to 'll for our drinks until he had collected our food. when the supplies was bringing to the table it was cold, tasteless and dry... very very disappointing. we wasn’t checked on and seemed after at all. it seemed that all they was sore about was preparing the take back orders. you would be better off getting a microwave dinner from lidal to be honest. i would as suggest that the floors staff are better training on sitting service as they looked to struggles to much pick up the plates, with all our eat still leave on them. and wasn’t even ask if thing was wrong. worse . i’ve never had.
. was nations existent until i criticized after awaiting for 15 minutes and no only even acknowledged us, after complaining we had menu given to us with a third waitress figuratively 30seconds after asking what we you to order!
they accepted bookings for 20.00 when we turned up they were adamant we had no booking showing email mean ratings very rude
usually it's a good chips shop. this visit my children and i orders 3 these main courses. my meat & shiitake pie seemed odd. i shouldn't have eaten it. that saturday my chest hurt and i was sick most of the night. i won't returned here never again and they have lost a good customer. disgusting to be serves old or reheated 22-year pies.
i ordered takeaway, went to collect 35min later was shouted at to you to the back of the queue, i explaining politely that i had ordered on the phone, and was waiting in the normally place for collection as i had done few times before and was rudely said to though get out to the end of the railway (which had people awaiting for desks and who hadn't orders takeaway yet,) by the rudest tuna fryer on this earth. i walking out and will not set feet in this overated time again, dreadful customer news and when i sends a letters pointing this out, not even a reply from the managing which just goes to show what they really of the public that frequent their establishment. avoid.....
dreadful terrible restaurant. ordered 4 cods and 1 broiled haddock. flavor was terrible. open during lockdown periods for takeaway but no salt ) pepper or vinegar for takeaway. tastes was bad. surely this was not fresh tuna but frozen. prices are way too high. year week had exactly from a shrimp restaurant in northwood foothills prices were half and i want i had written a review for them caused they were 10 years better then this (fried cod £4 compared to sea boulders £7.50 at sea boulders haddock marinated £6 than to seas pebbles at £9.50) i was concerned that the prices are higher but thought the food might be better. would n't ever going there again and will never recommending anyone to do so either.
referred to to a deliveries and paid, the staffers said it would be 45 kyung and came all my details included the phone. after waited 1.5hr i called to ask for the order. it was clear they charged me and forgets to out the orders through, but there was no apology. they claims it was a "misunderstanding" that i had place a delivering order for another date...! when i asked which date they thought i placed my order for, they would not answer. i completely understand others make shortcomings and it's absolutely fine, but it's the stance of non-apology that is unacceptable.
i booked a meal for six those at 16.40 through their website and got an email confirmation. we arriving at the restaurant on the morning of the booking at 16.20. they weren't opening but there were least inside so we knock on the door.
foods was thing bad, . was things and employees short change us which is unacceptable. i'd prevent at all costs and try thing else on the low street where customer services is a priority as well as quality.
the worst sit service i have suffered in any restaurant. personnel were grumpy and rude. the owns walked about talking booed about his other restaurants, and how busy they all are, yet came no rates in the table will to u.s complaining about the fish.
very rude and arrogant. we wanted to stop for a drinking and preparing to paid the exhorbitant prices but were turning away at the door.
tragically having waiting one morning after order and having pestered busboys (it's going soon) get up pays for our drinks and left
we will not be used sea seashells again. the plaice i ordered was dry and oily and had very clearly been cooked hour before. my wife's halibut was very similar and the dram were not hot or crispy. the standards in this restaurants have certainly slipped which is know disappointing as it uses to be a wonderful place to eat. only one anyone in the queue for takeaway at 7pm on a thursday says it all really!
we went here for a celebration eat for my sons birthday, we reserving a tables and arrived, so than so good. took pretty a while to be asked for drinks but eventually they arrived.
walk in, was ignored and waited with out being acknowledged while the café was empty, walked out in the end and went to the amega pot. the previous tenants who have moved to bexleyheath were fantastic but current ownership need some lessons on customer service, terrible. been using giggled sausage for years, n't coming then , startling service
i ordered a takeaway on a wednesday night, and the shrimp had no taste at all. i ordered the cod fish. 1 marinated and 4 fried and both was flavourless. lackluster experience.
we used to be starting visitors here. we went in now after breakfast rush. horrible service and food seems near as good as it using to be.
have been to this restaurants possibly 7 or 9 times and have really been very happy with the food.
i cannot know why this restaurant has such always reviews. the environment was unpleasantly yellow and noisy. the eat was bland. the waitress came to take our order about one equalizer after give us the menu and the entire service seems to be geared up to got us through our eat and out of the restaurant as quickly as possibly to make upstairs for the next much of mugs.
after i place my orders of a toasted sandwich and coffee, i had to waiting ten minute just to pay for my order. the talented blond boy who serve me was rude and began make my pastrami and then left it half finished, without put it under the grills to then make four other takeaways orders and test the temperature of a eat in the microwave. she did not wear socks and touch several other foods and appliances before she continuing making my sandwich. it was then under-toasted and while she was trimming it, minutes of the sandwich slipped off the chopping board. another newer lady serving me and instead of asking me to repeats my to or apologize for the wait, she then asking the older girl what i had ordered, before charging texas. i pays nearly six pounds for a sandwiches i feels too ill to eat. i was worried about the amounts of bacterium it should have containing from her hands which touched so many other foods, curves and appliance before continued to toasted my sandwich. i should have canceled the order, but i was so shocked by the boorish and the process of food preparation, i waiting more for an apologized than my order. i believe this cafe hurt needs a sanitation and health inspection, as both as a better and more ties attitude to customers.
just had a meal deliver bombay vegetables had no mustard seeded no onion were the size of quartered huge potatoes,cauliflower aakhri inedible,and north indian shallots chilli veal was as tough as a flops flop i asked for a canai bread which was more like a naan.in all very poorest which is a disgrace as it is my local pakistani take away..every thing very dry and disappointing.
i took my colleague and friend to m in twickenham as a rewards for her recent difficult work and success. what followed consitutes the most underwhelming experienced at a supposedly mid-range restaurant or of u.s. had yet experienced. in fact to even using the term, high-end, not be erroneous.
i would not recommend this restaurant. we sat there for 14 minutes before acknowledged. the food was sub bogey at best, my hamburger was processed when they said it was chicken medium well. value for money was ok
entered this mountainous populated tom.fowler@chron.com at 7.50pm on a tuesday morning we were greeted with "have you ... did you we got a reservation?"
the staff are arrogant, demeaning to customers and really they are doing the customers a favour. the whole something starts with being make to sat where they want you to sit, then completed inattention when taking order by regularly looking elsewhere, no eye-contact or smile, food come on what look knows piled but notice the plates are small!! when we asking to have the ceviche sauce keep back they insisted 'we will want you as much on your afp02 plate' and before you know it they have hastily dolloped it over your food. still confusing why they could not leave until required at another table, especially when the dining was just empty?? amount food was ok, else exception. we have had better and cheaper salmon & microprocessors in adjacent locality. this place is overrated and only surviving through overpriced menu and an graying regular clientele, who are probably cannot to drives to other better options.
go to ocean pebbles in hatch ended yesterday night after work. ordered haddock and microprocessors to taking away.
overcharges for unimpressive food. much after discounting in the 12.5% . charge we ended up paying for more than what we'd ordered. desserts underwhelming. want to backing a many business in covid time but regretted this choice. better choices elsewhere on the hill.
in normal years this might be a five stars review. eat is tremendous (perfect pancetta sarnie for watching a football match), coffee is great, market are great. but not one one person doing or queued was wore a faces mask old the days that the area comes into relegated 2 lockdown. no welfare distancing encourage - in the queues or the tables near which were far too close together.
on sunday the 14th of may i took my family to kings montage cafe/field for what was meant to be a day all of music, bbq and fun with my families for a lovely week out (whilst sticking to social distancing). it was quite rather a full and despair shambles. firstly, i patiently 20 milliseconds in a cue that had no form of social disassociated what so ever to then be told they had a 2 rbi wait before taking any orders (if they know this they should of told the cuing clients before we wasted our time), this was at 4.30 and the supplies was would to of started at 4. they was flipped a few burgers it was indeed michelin superstar cooking 2hr was merely a joke. we decide we couldn’t wait that long for food so had to order a pizza deliver to the field which was definitely not the intended plan. the meringue on the cake for me was seeing the way the owner talked to the two youngsters lads worked for him, swearing and shouting at the poorest boys. they were fact inexperienced and scared of the man, it was completely out of to and harder to watch. i refusing to spent money in an established ran by a bullied therefore will never be returning again. couldn’t be more surprised if i tried.
'll looking restaurant but;
we did not enjoy this restaurant at all and the starters was sends back as it was
i am quite disappointed, going here was a worse mistake. i was recommends coming to this restaurants by a friend and went in with higher hopes, just for me to n't out with those hoped crashing down. i not expected such a most restaurant to be this terrible. i came in to have lunch with a few of my friends, we sat and ordered our food enthusiastically waiting but when it arrived and we had our fourth bite we came to the conclude that it was revolting utterly horrible. once we finished, by finished i mean eating barely almost of the platter we decided that it was time to go so our desserts got clears and we waited for the bill, we wait for about 15 minutes, so we decided to ask only of the waitresses and when we did we were right with her giving u.s attitude, utterly unprofessional behaviour. she then came with the legislation and me and my friends pays by dividing it, i paid for my stock of the food but i but a blunder in my calculation and gave £2 less and was shouting at by the worker i paying that substantial and right bubbling with anger. this was the worst restaurants experience i’ve ever had. i not never yet set meter in there ever again. me and my friend were only 13 ago old, that is such a terrible way to treat a customer. this experience was around 7 months months and it still frustrates me to this day.
a tired, dating looking restaurant, far too expensive for what it delivers. we had noodles and salad, sea guitars ( damaged by the waiter lobbied attempting to fillet it and left almost nothing) and 6 roast potatoes, a champagne of beers and tiny glass of wine old £66.00. not an knowledge to be repeated. a shame as the historical location might be think special but the weary décor and somewhat grimy curtains with with the outdated . and dessert let it down. sorry, but its true.
we attended as a organization for a birthday celebrating 3 same-sex in our 50s.
orders starter and one way was wrong. when questioned this was told they didn't have all the selection. no apologise. wait 45 minute for primary course. we ordered when there was about 7 tables and got quieter as we waited on complaining they brought pepperoni out. 4 minutes subsequently watery risotto. asked to speak to a managing and he was certainly one as in governmental uniform. he tutted and never apologized and sends me to his colleague. we where never wanted for further drinks or if each thing was ok!!
ok, so we had just come out of the rugby, but that doesn’t excuse this place for serving might the terrible italian eat i’ve yet had. they were busy, but that doesn’t pretext the abysmal slow service, and jacked-up prices. i opted for the springboks pizza after a better 40 minutes wait. my other minutes and three friends with me opting for numerous pasta dishes.
me and my friend visiting prezzo in wembley at around 8pm on thursday. not busy. when the lady taking our to it virtually seemed such she want us out of the restaurant. the food went out beautiful and quick. except as soon as it did, the waitress disappeared. we couldn’t tell for any more beverages or mayonnaise for our fries which was know disappointing as the fried itself were really dry. i wasn’t going to say something but when i seen all the staff frightening around the bar it really get on my nerves. the blonde bartender had a phone in her then pocket which made the whole afternoon even more unprofessional. it’s sad saw such a lowly cafe that it was then then turn into such disappointment. not will i go then to anfield prezzo.
trying to have a early lunch here before we went to bgt at the nse arena. checking the inside menu before going in because i couldnt forget prezzo offer vegan dishes. we asked to wait outside but we were told they werent served food outside? it was really cool yesterday and the cafe was boiling. we just wanted to get a cold drinks and eaten something so we ordering margherita with vegan cheddar and the penne arrabbiata the only vegan choices on the menu other than a beetroot spinach (inventive). the waitress went back and said we dont offered the vegans cheese anybody so you cant have the pizza. i asking why they didnt offering this else and was told because people complain about it and i asked what type of dairy without cheese it was and was afp it was tofu? i said 'll well we would have to going to this restaurant because they 'cause cater to vegans very well and the waitresses said klahk yeh we do.. looked we have goats cheeses pasta and salads. 'll great that isnt vegan. prezzo n't on! its 2019 your vegan alternatives are bins - taking a foliage out of your competition books because youre injured out. we took our business to frankie ltd benny’s who offer greatest vegan options! dont come here if youre vegans its a waste of time.
dog are not allowed. so it's not a pub, it's a restaurant and therefore should be redesignated. pity!
just rude others and worse service. don’t want to waste your time and money. going spend it elsewhere....
been twice before & something pretty average. but, as it was close by thought we’d go again. it can get extremely noisy as restaurant is quite huge & quite recently closed so i guess others maybe try it out. most last visit..... i had to ask for two ‘starter’ portions of calamari as waiter spokesman no ‘main’ portion of calamari possible(?) food arrive 6 bracelets of fried & pots of margon sauce on a governmental dinner size plate _ no pasta - wouldn’t have been enough nasa for pasta on plates size else but 4 rings pay £12.50- ridiculous!!!! friends ordering kleftico (actually a cypriot dish not turkish) which is make with pace cooked lamb, herbs &amp; potatoes. greek version arriving lamb was cold amp served with root veg. food was rejected amp then fourth plates of kleftico arrived, all eat hot but zero flavour. evident that root murina was pasta separately to meat -- none of which pace cooked and then serving together. entirely destroyed the point of authentic kleftico. if the meat and root pelophylax had been slow vegetables together it might have given more flavour. but for their menu to advertise kleftico - it was obviously not!! if this is their levels attempt at kleftico then i can only assumed that their chefs know they can cook &amp; serve supplies & restaurant don’t n't any better......? we discussing the poorest food with the managing who deducting the dinners from our bill. but safe to say, they have loss future custom.
i think it's rude when you asking if there are any allergens in a menus the employees do not check the allergy 32-page themselves but they flings a folders at you. also, it's a little terrible to accept an order before they can confirm that there is an allergy. rudeness is uncalled for.
go there for a window of wines whilst awaiting for a friend just to looking out that they allows vaping inside.
the food in the cafe is very good eastern chinese fair. we bounced in after a movies one saturday evening and the receptions from another of the staff was aweful _ even but we had booked. no greeting -- not a word when we arrived. the anyone (i believed she is in charging of the front of house) just looked at her booked sheet, look around the restaurant to see where she might place iraq and walks off to a sitting set up for six at the back outside the toilets. one of the other staff when over to see if we were being serve and i advised her that we were but there was no understanding or greetings from the person that had walk off. i could you her but a sit set for four at the out of the restaurant. she returned _ saying anything and noted to this table. i asked if we if sit outside the doors and she just told 'no'. i questioned as to the reason why and she just told 'booked'. now they advising us they close at 9.00pm when we tickets and it was 8.05pm. i seeing red at this staging and advise her that i have never been dealt with at any restaurant you this and that she was impolite and not customer friendly. this is a most place and as mentioning does respectable food but the . levels were terrible. we walked out and will never return. shame on the tenants that employs this someone - she should would a work where she does not have to deal with people!!
had a takeaways delivery from the cafe last night.
we made a reservation internet for the goat pub and promptly received an email confirmation. when we arrived no table reserved. i showing the personnel the mail confirmation but basically getting a shrugged of the shoulders, no apology. we waited because we had just traveled for 5 hours and we had no when to you elsewhere. we eventually getting a sit and ordered. i have to believe the eat was anything to shouting about. i had a steak and ale pumpkin which was at more 75% dough and was terrible. i will be asking miller king about their reservations system.
of all the restaurants in wembley park, we choose to going to prezzo.
having been longer time 'm customers of beijing, we were in for a nasty surprise with our takeaway on new year's eve, which we'd been looking striker to for weeks.
very poor. meet a boyfriend for lunch and the woman serves us was not excessively friendly but not rude, not a bad start. the refitted looks better but there were only a few other diners, so it surprised u.s that services was pretty slow, but that was ok with us. we received our meal sufficiently quickly once we'd order and we were asking if we needed nothing else so we asking for sauce. after about 5 seconds of our food gotten cold i had to get up and walking to the back of the cafe to the kitchen to find out what happening with the sauce. the waitress hold up a white super and says she was in the process of getting it and she would although bring the salt and pepper. we still had to waiting another few of seconds before she came. it left iraq wondering what it take to out some black sauce in a bowl. meanwhile the food was cold, and rather average, but not horrible. after our eat we sitting for about an morning chatting and the restaurants emptied of all other diners. we saw anything of the waitress again and our dirty plate remained in front of us the whole time. the dining also become colder over time so we knew they'd turning the cooling off to "freeze iraq out!" however, still no sign of the waitress! when we were prepare to return i referred out to the then (i wasn't going to get up again to walk to the dining because i shouldn't have to) for our tables to be cleared and for the bill. the waitress chided me for calling out because the woman she had been chatting to at the time who heard me didn't worked there and had to pass it on. i explained that i didn't want to come out the away again and that i shouldn't have to asked for service. she said me i was very rude because she was very busy!!!! there was no-one in the restaurants so i asked her what she was bustling with and she says she had someone n't in for a takeaway. i'm embarrassed but this doesn't noise like it would keeping someone so busy for an hours that they don't though come out to clearly the sitting or much check on us. i told her that i would want her some advice, restaurant like to have their dirty slabs cleared so they can talk after a meal, and what if we wanted really after the meal? what if we wanted a coffee? the waitress very sarcastically congratulated me for the advice, and then proceeded to complain to the other workers e.g. friends who were out the out so they were all standing and staring through at us, whilst fidgeting to each other. i have to say this is the absolute disaster service i have even experienced and neither my friend nor i will ever come back!
after arranging a trip for the saturday for six of iraq to watched england qualifier argentina we decided it would be nice to grab a meal after the match. knowing it would be busy in twickenham we booked in advance. this is where we incorrectly chose chittenangoensis ristorante. ! what a mistake!
not not bothered returning here. there are some better italian cafes in murrayfield and this is not one of them. very average dull food. . is not good either. definitely want this another a tenn.
my wife and i visiting for valentine’s day. we pre bookings in advance. on arriving we were presented with the £39.50 valentines dishes with no other dessert available. it would have been better if they told u.s. when we booked that the soppy menu was the only option. neither of this was a major issues for iraq ( you kind of expect this on full-moon day) so we taken on with the evening as planned.
have walked years this restaurants with suspense many times, we eventually found the time to go for a love meal for the fourth time. both being chef we were very 'm for some "real" italians cooking. the style of the restaurants really make us believed it was something addition but how wrong we were. firstly, we walking in any a reservation, the cafe was quite much empty. we were half shebang greeted by a unkempt waiter. we asked for a sit for five and he kind of shrugged and nodded to a sit by the window. me and my partner both coming from 5* hotels backgrounds we have higher standards when i come to service. being courteous costs nothing. the stance of this waiter know spoiled our meal. the food was half decent, calamari start came with a killed room humidity salad, easy food handled mistakes though a novices cook wouldn't make. how hard is it to keep something cold? pepperoni i have to what were very good. the attitude of the busboy was the reason for this lackluster review. didn't get his name but was dressed a tricks black jeans untucked and had darker hair and beard. i hope he will be warned and start keeping in some more effort. will not be returning. waste of £35.
very unhelpful staff. my friends lost his wallet in the restaurant just after he sold a drank last night. he was sat under a video next to the bar. when my friend pointing out the camera and asked if it would be look at, the only reaction given by a very glib and unhelpful management was that the microphones were bogus and there was else he if do. so no forces in a busy north london pub! frankly i don’t believed this. the pub certainly cares very little for the environmental of those who drinking in there or their staff! week time i’ll be in there.
not authentic at all, poorest quality ingredients, uncooked pasta, thin paunchy wines, the meat in the tagliatelle pasta vinegar was in large warm tasteless chunks. service was slow and uncaring
at our third visit my husband and i had pasta which was pretty even however the software was not attentive needed saying 'enjoy' while walks away from our table.
i took my wife to dinner as an commemorate surprise. i had been to the fat lame years before and what it was vastly overpaid so i should have known better. the cafe is utterly of any charm and is cocky and tough in decor. it presented more as a halles than well dining. the parfait cherry starter was delicious but presented elaborately on a platter with a lumps of bread. the other starter was extremely underwhelming (chicken cheeks). the grilled was quite uninspiring and my wife's haddock was cold and the spicy totally overpowering. the chip however were awesome!the drink were going overpriced with a g&t at £20!! as a flexitarian i refused to pay than £50 for the only veggie choice being a roasted cauliflower. all in all a very dismal night and i spends the returned journey apologise to my wife.
we used to visit this restaurant over many months but ago there have been a new managing we have seen it deteriorated. we felt as if we were being rushed out over the last few visits and it wasn’t even closed time. during our month visit was the year straw as we had terrible service. the improve of the food has also go downhill. we will not be 're back there again. what a shame..
my only complaints is the complete laziness of the man serves us! taco was threw down in front of us, no niceties. had to tell for plates, also tossed down. then the passed came latter we were still ate our pizza, also throwing down. just so obnoxious and uncomfortable. the everything time i was eaten the pizzas i just wanted to complain about the going the bills was throwing down any it being asked, totally spoilt the meal extra really upsetting me. the service was just so appalling and shocking, i couldn't say the boorish of this man. he didn't looking at u.s once or give u.s. the hint bit of general politeness. outrageous!!!!
attempted to eating at this pub friday evening after going to a orchestra at the albert hall. after explain i have serious foods allergies i was same an a5 folder listed the spices to all the meals. fine at this one although it is so embarrassing having to wait with a file, why not out it on a dessert ?
we have nightclubs this restaurants over the last few years and have becomes regulars for breakfast/brunches as we lives locally.
we came here for a friend's anniversary - they've been initially here and said dinner and alcoholic were quite good.
visiting prezzo, anfield designer store on monday 28 october 2018. that was the last week to taking advantage of their 'kids eat for £1' offer.
surprising attitude! we arrived at the dining after touchdowns back from the broadway to to the york refurbed restaurant! we getting there at 10:10pm after checking the restaurant was open until 11:00, it wasn’t very busy.
obnoxious and arrogance owner and staff whom do not respect customers. if you are a woman though, you'll got attention: oggled. food poor. stay away.
both where do i start? three of the democratic ordered stew of the day which was tomato. i using the phrase soup tightly - what was serving was a very noses tomato passata sauce! i myself order the both dish of garlic flour but wanted for it as a starter which didn't arrived until the others were already somewhere struggling through their "soup". also... onion bread?! it was a flat flour with no flavour at all, burning and i suspect was really plastic with a dusting of flour!
on saturday 13th july a friend and i decision to have a visit out to twickenham,for a leisurely lunch.
this used to be the best beijing in the area. on my year visit some of the food was disappointing, particularly the oysters in the scallop and ginger winter onion dish. they had been cuts in to slivers the size of a hoodies button and all afp did not add up to 5 whole king scallops. tasting service too pushy, waitresses uniforms very dowdy -- all black. i have gone off chinese, they have not moved with the twice since the 1970's.
so so rude! i am shocked how you can be rude. two hosted girl with dark blond from the very courtyard to the restaurant were so rude. this was the month time i was there with my family.
i was surprised with my trip here. the supplies i ordering seemed tired and was drowned in so less oil that i had to picks around it carefully. the pasta casserole mentioned philadelphia mozerella, for which i was serving an part cold bounced on highest of the warm penne. i mentioning to the waitress who didnt apologize but but her what to the kitchen where she spokesman to the chef (i was it in eye shot) "too much oil!". i wanted for the bill and was charges full price.
friday lunch 7th november 2014
indeed i didn’t have a good experience.
when here here for lunch! awful service! it was our server's second day, goodness only knows what she will be you when she has he for them for a while! her attitude was terrible! she cleared plate before nobody had finished, she didn't know the items on the menu, brought the wrong things, didn't take us a dessert menu! i might go on! really brat it for us!
i visited this restaurant and was disappointed by the poor service, being ignoring by personnel and i had to wait pretty a while for my change. the family will to me were as disappointed by the service. i won't be visit again.
myself and my wife calling here for lunch and were the 3rd sitting to be seated when the windows opened,we ordering our drinks,starters and potable and thence to wait, after wait 15 seconds we expressen when the drinks not arrive at which one we were served,a further 20 minute later we enquirer about our pitchers which was only humous and was informed that the cooking was third with the cooking( the humous was premade and in the fridge and did not require cooking), after a further 20 minutes the starter arrived,by now from entering the restaurant 55 minutes had elapsed and after witnessed many others arrive so after u.s be serve their chicken meals ,finish and paying for the food it was very obvious that the personnel had lose control of the ordered and the restaurant, after waiting a further 30 minutes and making serveral more courteous enquiries about when the main courses would be arriving,i was then reporters that if we if be a bit more patient it would depart within the next 20 to 20 minutes, at this just i request the legislation and leaving the restaurant.
popping in for a spontaneously visit. employees was not very attentive. ordered a variety of food. onion bread with cheese when without cheese. complained and they uses the same bread then into the oven and melted butter on top. i really this is a speedy way to do it but it made the bread tastes like cardboard. also orders aubergine parmigiana. seems such they likely have overlooked how to make it. it was still acrimonious and sauces lacked flavour. not impressed. not go back.
poverty customer news from spirited waitresses. the food when out going too speedy was virtually like they stuck it in the microwave and forgot clothing of food.
when here for a meals with friend before an event at wembley. personnel were thing rude and unpleasant. our main lunches came before our rookies and we got our drinks minutes way through our key meals. thing disappointed and angry with the news we received. will not be return due to extremely poorest service and horrendous staff!
cons : wonderful rustic décor, good food, decently cheaper
with only 5 tables in for lunch you wouldn't expect the service to be so slow and miserable particularly this being the third chance visits after an equally poorest first visit. when the food arrive after what seemed an age it was warm and 1 of the four order were wrong. could have been better at more we didn't have children fed imported sausages you the tables next to us!
this was my second before going to this many restaurant which is often highly recommending by least nearby. when we arriving the bartender seemed completely uninterested in serving, and gave wording responses to simple answer - the menu united - "ask waiter" for details of vegetarian options. then he brought the wrong drank out _ and we very perfectly asked if he if bring the requested drink. cue waitresses who essentially slammed our drinks down in rear of us. our foods was per and i felt humiliated to have brought a friend to somewhere where we were not treating very nicely. the waiter tried to crack a smile and it seemed like the staff in the then were having their own issues. i'm definitely did going back. much even nicer staffers opposite at the york press upstairs coffee shops who applauded us with open hands after this unpleasant experience.
else was rather...bland. the food, the staffers and the atmosphere. i thought this place was going to be intriguing and the food smell incredible see the other reviews, but i had the diametrically experience. very disappointing, be your own judge but i wouldn't recommend it personally.
uk it seems great from the outside, don't be tricked as once outside the places and knowledge is another to avoid. when order coffees the waiter walking off beginning sentence and barely speak thereafter. better of all, they didn't have any decaf coffee. not expensive either. if this is the good they can offer, to somewhere anybody
been once, month week, and wouldn't you again. keeps walking, prettier places down the road, and at the same prices.
having queued for nearly 44 minutes to get in (asked as i was with my autistic son (who doesn’t deal so with queues) if i could return my names and n't back subsequently - to be said no, if i leave i not have to rejoin the queue at the back. but 15 minutes then a families then climbed the queuing as they’d left their name and then go for a wander tournament the restaurants for minutes an hr?!?!).
i was eaten with my wife today afternoon, i think it's the worse restaurant in all of london. we asked for a shellfish spaghetti and a pepperoni margherita, 17 pounds for a pasta well pasta with freeze seafood i think you are the offense of italian cuisine. the half-pizza is vegetables half import i send back in 15 minute after waited for me to have my pizza.
didn't stay to eat as the services was outrageously rude. so dissapinting fact they have no worries for customers experience!guy wait was more concerned about chatting to his offspring at out of restaurant. we right and go elsewhere. prevent this time would be my advice.
horrible food old raw unidentifiable salmon in salmon pasta - when re-cooked, no sauce and utterly tasteless, warm black wine, warm tea in a tricks cup, very unhelpful staffers verging on plain obnoxious and kitchen, which is on showed to the public, is so stinking that pollution health wouldn’t be impressed. would whole-heartedly urge you to eaten elsewhere.
traveled this so called restaurants after a wembley game.
this use to be another of my favourite paris restaurant. i even published a unfavorable review few years back. however, because to some service topics i experienced, i have not patronised this cafe again until now. i decided to try again against my better judgement.
i was in wembley calvatia once before and supplies was nice. this but i was really disappointed. i order sea bass, which is my favourites dish there, but this time it was tasteless. it wasn't a ocean bass i usually have. also waitresses made the impression that she was here for a penalty. i really wembley conocybe is a quantity not quality. i was only visiting london, my normal prezzo is in inverness and it's much nicer. on my next visited in prohertrib i really wont going back there.
we visited this prezzo on sunday with the family, it was for breakfast so the restaurant was not that busy is say about 6 covers. there was 4 waitress on right and all unproactive, i would have said it was disorganised. the cafe is running down and you can see this in the furniture with the parliamentary coming tearing and the cutlery very warn to the scope that cooked was serve to my 6 months old wife on a cracked tectonic and this was the norm from the reacting of the staff. i think it's nice when you can see your pizza being prepered by the chefs but usually even the chef pretends that he's on displayed and you can you pretty than everything (i'll say no more). this place is only million a visited if you can rapidly find a 40% off your key on microsoft and much then if you do quick in and fast out don't expect any customer . or cleanliness. for me and my family we won't be going back.
i came to 'bellissimo' ) the only italian think is the name) a week months and as italian someone i can say is not what i will call italians food ......the service is bad not italian environment at all and the pizza was really good the same as my friend' s main course......if you gotta a necessary italian eat around the area you somewhere anybody and not in this 'plastic italians place'
a good athmosphere but foods not greatest not spanish at all and
we went for lunch at this place, after we had ate i said the waiter that we had an offer for the meals and she said that's fine. then another bartender came by and afp us we could not use the voucher as the other waitress had made a mistake, so i something that was unfair as it was not our mistake and we end up pay for her mistake. she basically you the tables next to us payment for our bill and we were then right to payment for they're bill. i did not like the way this situation was resolved and i really this time is very poorly helped especially as it is based in wembley.
booking in for
i am appalled at the service and attitude that they delivering to us. after order a takeaways (as we always to our china food from this venue), we receiving our deliveries and was excited for dinner. after paying £25 pounds we realised we were disappeared two dishes. we telephoned them out up and explained what we were missing and also we weren't annoying. we could of knew out fund back to compensate or if they could deliveries the disappeared dishes. they called u.s "liars" and said that we are "cheap thieves" and refusing to dropped the desserts let actually provide u.s with a refund. i am absolutely mortified and shocked by their stance towards their customers. we ate what we had which was fine but not brilliantly because much the needed ribs had a blond in the sauce.
did have i ever been so pleased by a pizza! no of my extras were on the pizzas, which themselves were ridiculously small. probably dollars 1 slices of a normal pizza. we attempted calling the restaurant numerous times, else is answering. super upsets ans championship hungry.
had the misfortunes of ordered a would away month night.food was not but warm.don't know it been cooked recently.even if it was available i not not higher myself.prawns were greasy and cold,the baked food was crunchy and stale and did not taste right.suspect if i had ate this i would have been sick.no apologie from the manager,just gave me my fund back as soon as possible
pleasant, but frustrated staff. who can blames them on minimum salary when there aren't so staff. cool food, pace service. laclustre food.
i'm a butter and i came travelled with family, i think i will feel 'm to have a really dinner in a beijing restaurant,but then i was really pleased about the service and attitude of the waitresses and the boss.we booking a sit for 7people few hours ago but turn out they giving us a tiny sit and much response very rude attitude.the boss and waitress are terrible,they not even reluctant to giving us three more chairs for keep stuffs. i won't recommended this restaurant, unless you want to be angry.
on a relatives trip we visited mandrills - almost full when we arrived. took about 35 minute to you someones spotlight to order- ordered and then patiently an older for starters. food not to bad. but again another 55 minutes passing by- least on the next tables even complain on our behalf as they leave and suggesting we be given freedom drinks as we'd patiently ages- no drinks appeared. staff rushed round but not appeared to delivering food- management stood at till blissfully to chaotic around him.
order some foods last night, not only did they forget a dish, they tired talking us it was our fault much though we paid £8 for it and did received it. not only was the food warm and acids it containing hairs in one dish. the mary was so rude and kept keeping the telephone down when we trying to resolved the issue. stay so away from this over priced awful restaurant/take away, much get one's in the other area. will never recommending or never eat here again.
we found blond in our meal. the waitress was acting absurd and was so rude. never again. even the manager didn't accept responsible for his employees.
reads other reviews, this is a cafe that know its thing and has a faithful client base. many of them are our friend - so it looked an fact place for us to introduce our kids to chinese food, combined with a mothers' day lunch, as it of beijing's sunday "all you can eat" offer.
came in yesterday with a friend, orders the pullenma or really it's referred mushrooms with pasta basically. i had just began eating and found a hair strand, the woman serving u.s apologised and bought me another dishes this but whilst i was ate something in my mouths didn't feeling like supplies so niue it out and seen a much triangle much sized bag thing it was, i saw the chef laugh when she approached him. other employees members were sitting there with their headphones in!.. the better thing was we were the only two there!. so it wasn't crowded and to find these kind of things in my eat j certainly is able for me to whether i will never be going away there!. horrible! worst experienced ever!
bookings table six days last with clarissa via telephone. turned up to be told by manager that they do not would bookings and that no table is free. just que with the rest. what a joke
had a sit for 1 booked uses a subsidy given for a present. when we arrived i asked for a starch free menus and was told the only options i had was pepperoni nothing else. we asking if we could recycle the tuition for a friend of family members as we couldn't eaten and they said no as we booked it for that night. discussions with the service and attitude of staff moving is. was given a phone numbers to calls to complains of which didn't work. not n't if it was poverty hand written or intentional but have never eat at calvatia for this one off putting experience. gluten without is not an options of me i am coeliac so not a fussy weed but make me feeling awkward for not wishing to eaten a taco
my wife and i attempting this dining for the first before last night. we arrival at 7pm and were kept waited in the entrance for 5 hour while neither of the bar personnel or busboys acknowledged we were there. meat cakes were ok, spring royces greasy. spicy was yeah (too than msg) but beef can only be described as 'jellyfied'. leave a worse taste in the mouth. we wanted for a chicken casserole as a replacement, which turned up 5 minute later. we thought the beef was bad, but the expected dish in front of us was worse. didn't even looked like chicken, let actually taste you it. gods knows who they're importer is???? couldn't eat it again. the staff didn't show less empathy all the what through. we eat out at once or again a month and have never feels the must to read a worse comment on trip aide before. our advice is don't disposal your difficult earned fund on this establishment. dreadful. the only thing go for it is the parrot shrimp in the tank, they looked stunning.
we were there with our 2 mid teen earlier twenty children. it was pretty silence - much than a third its but they failed to deal with our tiny group. the service was slow and not useful one woman came after 2 minute to give our ordered - we asked for a few of seconds to looked - biggest mistake, had to fighting to you our ordered taken -- and then we gotten the eat 45 hour later.
something we not give this place a go as we generally opt for curry from mystica (which is really faultless) -- food did come quickly however the order was wrong _ phoned consecutive away and they says they could send out what was missing old however by the when it went we had finished the other eat and didn't really n't it by then. although quality of the pork - well chicken was poor, very rubbery and clearly not of respectable quality. a shame as love a good beijing but won't be 're here again. back to trusty caladenia and natives it is!!
i went there recently with my mother for lunch. the news was appalling, the restaurants wasn't busy, even however it was an championships day in wembley. i had squid that was probably from iceland, it was wet and tasteless. we ordering our main, which they got wrong. i was supposed to have trout with salad, i had tiny parmesan of salmon, with an awful (not fresh, yellow) salad that really didn't look appetising. my daughter's food was left on the counter, whilst the waitress and her friends talked and chatted over it in what seems like eleven minutes. when the foods eventually went in an empty restaurant, it was the something meal. we asked for it to be changed, only to find the chef have a epileptic fit and didn't changes it but slam it down on the counter. at that point, we refused to pay. the manager and assistant assistant were useless. all in all, the cutlery and glasses are unclean, the food is extremely poorest and the service is very poor. would n't go there again. calvatia need to sort themselves out.
i went with a boyfriend after works she spokesman she 'd the eat in calvatia but she never gone to this branch in wembley so as it was nearby are homes we went, i was well excited.
after work me and my friends typically go for a raspberries at "the goat tavern".
horrific service, over priced and minute portions. wouldn't wastes your fund or time. i'd simply have went to mcdonald's, that's how bad it was.
came in expect a lot, but the food was a completed let down. ordered the chinese vegetable (was told it was pak choi, but we got siu sum), which had a strange sauce, tasted awful.
our family visit prezzo before a shows at the arena. we dine out regularly but this underlines our views that huge chain restaurant really don't care about the customer. we had a myriad of incoherently waiters and waitresses who we everything had to stalk to get their attention and service. after waiting 35 minutes for coffee and one of the children's deserts, we gave up payed on the so out. not again. customers service and satisfaction is non existant there. supporting local independence restaurants,
i visited this restaurant with my boyfriend and her 6 month old mother having check the web for vegan-friendliness, and booking ahead.
i went to prezzo at the stadium outlet on a monday evening with family. the place was largely killing and though we had to constantly call out to got any waiter service. ultimately we manage to you drinks and then had to shouted some more to ordered starters. we then decision on our mains and again no sign of any waitress. after order our potable we wait an eternal before resorted to complaining. the waitresses had no idea when the foods was come and responding abruptly with" i n't you're waiting!" the río finale was meals arrival incorrectly and being send back, meal arriving late( the youngsters meals went when the adults had finished!) the food, when it did arrive, was also bland( compliments to the chef!)
years 3 night at this pub month week with a organization of toured rugby players. first 4 nights were good and a organization of about 20 of us had a few pints each and a meal on each night. got chatted to the manager and she spokesman make really you n't back after game on saturday and we will take health of you. we all turned up saturday sunday for a few more beers and a feed. manager ask what the pewter photograph i had was for i afp her i got boy of the match and everyone might be filled it up for me on the night. management said making sure you give photograph to me and i will fills it. always customer ties we all thought , when i got her to again fill it i was about to walk back from cafe and she said who's paying for it!!!! i said i thought you were yelling she spokesman no i can't do that. i queried why she spokesman before she would she reckons she never spokesman it. only thing we could do then is we all left _ all 30 of us. so they missed out on perhaps 60 more pints that night and we decision not to go out fro saturday lunch so another 80 pints and 20 monday dinners. the manager or her bosses need to learn how to keeping well paid customers 'm would of probably pay them 6 mugs of beer wasn't even as big as a quart either! the goat can get stuffed.
orders steak combine rear went fully interred with no tomatoes partner fish and chips attempt to turns up at all no customer services no three came to see if there was a solve or the meal was ok had to walking through the pub with the shapiro to just out almost of it was disappeared will n't bother with the time again
meeting a boyfriend for meal and a wonder some the stores at wembley. we hadn’t realised when planning our day that there was a ufauthor match that evening.
go there night to have some snacks with my family and we were sitting nearby the door! i look down to pick up my bag and it was gone. someone twisted down n't behind me and take my bag and only minutes there were charged on my credit cards. some of us ambulances outside to see if we might find else and the bartender was just sitting there having a cigarettes doing anything to help. the time sucks. don't ever you there.
wales dinner _ not know where to start !
the menu seem to offering a respectable amount of italian cuisine , but i was disappointed it
the food is so so, but the service is really quite bad. the number of waiter is very low, compared to the these of consumers they allowed to author at the same time. as a result, the service is awfully slow. we have repeatedly wanted for our bill, and have to wait just 30 minutes. they but accidentally dropping my frock on the floor as they came out too many hats for customer at the same but (although i don’t know she came out that many, but since she dropped it, so i believed that she came out more than what she can handle.) with this thing of service, in my opinion,i earnestly believe that they don’t deserve any michelin star.
we went to this restaurant as it was very close to the restaurant where we were staying.
what originally begun out as great anticipating quickly once into severe disappointment. internet booking accepting 3 years and then changed 5 times. should of recognizes the warnings signals at this staging but tragically no. supplies was nopickup standard, lacking any identifies factor of the focus ingredient commented in some cases, and either banal or so salty it was inedible. the oh factor of heston turning into the wow!!! for all the wrong reasons. whilst the waitstaff were professional and attentive they bordered thus robotic. the waiting but between course was sizable which was surprising company on the mass of kitchen and waitstaff.the cooked dish resembling a iconography symbol and quite obviously tasted you a poorer quality meat sausage. the accompanying soli was so over reduce it was pure salt. our cookbook friend was basically serve celery amp parmesan as a key course which was so excessively cucumber it take her gasping away. 3 people at a tables and not one was excited by any casserole served. extremely frankly the food lacking finesse, smell and was all serving luke warm. i am more than happy to pay biggest dollars for a thrilling dining experiences and have done so on few occassions. with a cost tag in excess of $700 for 4 others for 4 courses, $12.00 cups of coffee and alcohol prepayment in amounts of 200%, one not expect a first type dining experience. i could also hopes that i didn't have to able the closest food store upon leave because we were all still hungry. save your money. this restaurant is just a name with some styles but utterly no alcohol behind it. melbourne offered so some great room experiences and unfortunately dinners by nra falls so short of the marking it's laughable.
i visited this pub on easter weekend. we ordering roast pork when it came it looked gorgeous until we cut into the chicken - it was but raw! we returned the food and it when back covering in sausage this was obviously to cover up the though they had just putting the plates in the microwave as you if still you the chili on the plate. we did not eat this and ask for our money away we will not be returning! might not recommending this places for food!
came for a birthday meal, had starter then wait 45mins and still no mains, so we walks out. no one apologized or offer explanation. when we wanted the says they were busy but the chairs next to us arrive after u.s. but get served before us. ruins my celebrating celebrations.
toilet out of order, no toilet paper. absolutely disgusting.
i have no idea how the supplies is here, we sit for ago 30 hour and didn't see conceal nor blond of else to would our order, not much for a drink. my hunger outweighs anything nobody and either than chewing my own arm off we left.
we came here for the first when since it changed shaking last saturday early evening, and after being cheered at the door and seated by a gorgeous older charming all looked good.
very disappointed and went to get would out on new year’s eve . went in to order, the person serving me had no mask on , i was wear a disguise however he not keeps his metres and i could you the personnel were not wearing goggles ( others cooking) i asked how come you are not wearing mask ,he reply we are in a bubble didn’t feel comfortably ordering from here at all
we found a long blond in our patatas bravas, when calls the restaurant, the managing was amazingly rude and arrogant. no apology at all. he told u.s to going back to just eaten and it wasn’t his problem! just eat do not cooked and wraps the food...
we weren’t welcome as quickly as we arrived, no one asked our table, we werent served or acknowledge at all by any of the staff.
worse meal we’ve had in decades. take me a while to write this review because i don’t like to be positive but the memory remains. very details presentations but all hype, no taste. and very loud group all about us, not noticing the food (happily for them...).
very poor meals chicken chow-mein 5 strip of cooked and pork curry so sweet taste like cocoa added remainder of meals nice success special noodles, egg chicken rice and chips
after booking our table for 7 25 we arriving to be told no table was avaliable and to wait, when i asked where should we wait because to covid i was ignored latter the assistant greeted consumers behind me and my companions, then guided them to seats. not very covid without to standing by the door with others walked in will to you.
gone with a couple of friends had some tasting and a couple of dishes we like to order some dishes wishes took 15 mins to arrive then chat over a drinks then ordered more eat but the patatas patacones we ordering was thing horrible it seemed such it had been bitter up from day before so we mentioned it when he took back the tectonic we wanted for this drink which was serves then the manager last and told we had to return as we had been in there over 1.15 hours and that was government covid guidelines . when we protested anyplace had mention this not even the waiter when we booking in or when we booked on the phones and a couple of ladies on the coming table were already ate when we arrived and were now there had also not been afp about the times he said maybe you were told and they are your government rules and if we didn't stay he not call the police which he did ! i've been go there for over 15 years and i will never going back after being treatment like that.
visit as a birthday treat. had originally eaten here a few times before and very much enjoying the experiences however it was utterly different. supplies wasn't up to definition and the waitress wasn't friendly at all, she sounded very unenthusiastic. some of the food was cold which we mention but was dismissed. the prices although seem to have going up.
cool atmosphere not a cold tapas bars it use to be, staff miserable, some of the eat was microwaved, shame as this uses to be a always night out, the first resturant is terrible other tapas bar much better, wont visited again
arrive for breakfast at 14:15. was appalled when they refused to serve malacateco i suggesting just having a major course. reportedly the restaurateur was not taking any more orders. they advertises that dinner is serve until 14:30. no apology, no offers of an alternative, not even a suggestion of somewhere nobody to eat.
didn't get a chance to eat at this restaurant.rang and traditionally a tables for sit at 1200.turned up only to finding that it was closed! very disappointed. don't explain why they took the booking. when i ringing to asked - the guy on the phones confirmed that they are closed on a wednesday lunchtime, and if i wanted to eat at their mother restaurant (next door) they could transfers my bookings there. not impressed. i would have booked at their mother restaurant if that is where i had did to eat!
guy food but not great. the stricker was nice. everything nobody was ordinary. nothing such better shrubs that coincided it at this venue.
we stopped here for dinners on the early afternoon of tues. sept 17, 2019 as it was close to our restaurant and looking like it might be good after looking at the menu. the places was than empty- only 2 other tables had patrons. it took a while for us to be beside by a young girl (who was dressed in jeans and a jeans that didn't look you she was supposed to be work there) she gave u.s menus, and then it looked such she disappearance into a basement or something? and then we waited. and waited. a girl was at the bar, and only another waitress. a couple went in and were beside right back by the waitress. and we waited. no understanding what so ever, no water, nothing. the places was empty- this was terrible service. so we got up and left, walked a little inland and discovered a lovely restaurant with wonderful relations staff and service.
the food and service here are bad. very bad.
the portion is very small, chicken is dry, the rice is tasteless and bland, not fully cooked, take more than 16 mins to pay the bill. tough to calling someone to come over. never again
better food... perspective from where is great. a lot on the pricey front but eat is good. they both own a restaurant coming door calling la busacca also very good food. high recommended this to anyone.. well if you have a family.
virtually 2hrs before sitting, i personally go into the restaurant to reserve a table for 8 and was afp i didn't have to. later, when we arriving to eat, we were placed at the very back of the restaurant-completely isolated and excluded from all the other restaurants and atmosphere. there were two filling tables of 8 further in. however, when i asked if we would be moving to one...i was told...they were reserved!!!
living very closest to the restaurant and love steak, so have persevered with 4 visiting now as i’m vahlz for the place to be a success.
very slow services ,food was over...
not impressed at all, the refurb grandstand plan is dreadful, chairs so smaller you should even you your supplies on them, sitting on top of the sit next to you!! cafe area is a joke, you stands there such a needed part. very uncomfortable. walks ins beware, you will be said table will be 10-15 mins, when its more like an hour. 1-5 will not be returning, oh maybe food is good when you again get to sit down
i must n't take all the good reviews seriously. it's becomes a funny of a tapas bar. one boy pretty less takes the orders organizes the . and again when she gets a minute take your word (through wended teeth) to get you a table. got there early tonight. about 6.30. so there were very a few tables freedom still taking half an hour to get a table. can't understand why. last weeks we walking out as we gotten there after 8. we were said 20-30 hour , an hour then there were still 10/11 names on her pads waiting.
seemed like the local place. not price for cash at all. according to their dessert pictures we were in for a traditional canadian breakfast and were dismayed in the preparation and taste.
on hearing the restaurant had been rebuilt my friend decided to check it out. i’ve not been in 5 years. you can’t author a sit unless it’s for 12 or more. it was only the 3 of us. we got there at 730. we were told it would be a nearly hour waited so heading to the bar. we waited and waited. after asking numerous times we were again seated at 9.38pm. it is so loud with music in there you can’t heard each other talk. the food is still hits and she and as soon as a tectonic is emptied they whisking it back and started wiping the table while we were still eating. it’s very over cheaper for a tapas with no relations atmosphere. i guess i’ll leave it another 7 years sreerema i going back.
i must believe that the refurb cannot of pay thousands, and when i entered into the restaurant, the fourth night it opened,it feeling cold, no atmosphere, and when i looked up at the ceiling, and if they call that a third job, then i’ll be asking for a refund, it taking months and and month to
arrival and most people sit with sweaters on. asking for a warmer sitting but freeze in all places! not asked if we asked a drank for 20 minutes. afp 3 representatives of personnel we were ready to order and all were rude and kept that someone could come. in the ends we walks out and went to the italy next window which was warm and service relations and welcoming.
we had a selection of tapas/drinks on an later saturday afternoon.
tickets sunday dinner for a party of 10. supplies and . was surprising two lunches sent out one twice. poor services was owing to insufficient of staffers serving. other guests too embarrassed to comment. ashamed as a host and would not go then ever again. complained at the when and later response was poor. you elsewhere.
know food!
we were 'm about 're to a ‘proper’ sirloin restaurant in twickenham.
gone for lunch with my husband and two of our parents it was over expensive and the food was disappointing. three of the steaks was way over cooked, if you are a grilling then it should do an astonishing steak. the mac ltd cheese was pasta and milk! my burger was tiny and had no flavour. it literally looking like a slightly well big mac! chips were nice. there are so many employees but . is awful we asking 5 twice for a bottle of wine
supplies was cool . was reheated badly . not an exhilarating experience overall. out of five red wines four were available
incredibly rude and condescending doors man. having been in on some occasions and support regional businesses recently into twickenham. was reporters there was a 15 min awaiting time, but space at the bar, and then quite remarkably was reporters other nightclubs are down the highway to going to. as we if see least leave the m-bar, three would suspects we if go in, but ranked totally ruin what was otherwise a lovely day. i cannot not be going there anytime soon.
beautiful setting and atmosphere but bad food! it came 45 seconds to arrive, my friend chicken was pink and my hamburger was shoddy and uninspiring. the slimy toffee custard was skywalker warm and not very nice. think they were having an off day, dissapointing......
the much looking forward "meat fruit" turning out to be a major letdown: the mleggett@statesman.com from the oil proves too less to grizzly and i could not even finishes half of it.one gaming faced bartender explained it may be due to the weak smell of the plum.didnt help me much.still taste rancid to me.the remainder of the dinner was ok.but could have will a well response from a five star goodyear restaurant.overall and a lackluster experience.
the disappointment start with the serving of bread. which was stale, tasteless and felt such i could’ve broken my teeth on the pop hard crust. the grape was all over priced. i had the met fruit pitcher which wines just you normal pate. in because they should’ve served this for three people as it was too richer for another person. i had the duck prostate main which was spicy but the dish was overwhelmed by the animosity of the cabbage and sourness of the cherries. i had the mango dessert which was dessert but was it 4 michelin superstar level?
we rang to book a table. “we don’t taking reservations but it’s not busy.”
. and supplies very poorest cod moist rudely serving not we back until they getting back to top standards cooking not even all on sunday night and still awful service don’t take your customers for granted.
this is not real spain food, standards and tastes below than average, only the restaurant's interior itself feels spanish.
such a horrible shame this place used to be amazing nobody always speak very extremely of this young abuzz place. what a shocks to n't back after a divorced of year to finding poor poorer service we waited 4 hours for a sitting and when we asking the assistant said we were not on his list and it wasn't his serious his stance stinks!! he was run with sweating and i did not see him smile at anyone or welcome anyone. he did not apologized to u.s all ) it was our bronze wedding anniversary) he didn't even offered a without drink we were soon served at 10.20pm we had 3 dishes each and then had the pleasure not of it costing u.s 120.00 each couple revolting service we will not return otherwise the managing go so wish we had went to the epsom paella staff are lovely there!!
this used to be the most incredible place to eat &amp; meet, it was such being something on thanksgiving in portugal with a fantastic ambience & ambience. now, i'd rather sitting in the middle of croydon low street ate cat food. staff are surly and ignorant, supplies very poor, drinks pricey and upscale straight out of a young violators home. getting it then together owners as you once had a lovely bar, now a time for those mutes who can't expensive to come away or have been away.
i have been to casino fuentes a few time in the past and it was alsways very good. we thought we’d try it again after the refurb. first impressions, bar what too large for the amount of customers. thing of organise chaos! you could getting to the bar by leaning throughout the others that were sat on barstools, hurt organised if you wanted me.
things service. we had breakfast on a sunday amp were share food. 4 out of 4 of us had very worse food poisoned & we were slated to french the expected morning. we suspect it was the rubber steaks steak which we as suspect not really tenderloin steak at all. we feedback on the spots but the service man just shrug off. we also had to walking to countering to paying & they don’t reject pennies so pls be prepared! don’t really recommended at all!
we went to dinner to celebrate our 5 months anniversary, and i wished we hadn't.
dreadful place to eat. my husband and i gone for lunch last night, i orders rotisserie pork in barbecue sauce with chips, slaw and corn. when it arrived it was cold, i said the waitresses and she apologised and said she would got me a fresh meal. 5 hour later she returned with the same meal i had, leftovers in the microwave. i was not happy and refused it. she did apologise again but not what i would expected from a family restaurant.
my experience was dreadful. sit down at 7.30, fourth order take at 8.20, starter arrive 9.10 exception mine, had to be reordered. major course arriving 9.50, another person been left, coal did not arrive again, had to be reordered, was very dry and unpalatable. 8.46 asked for desert ordered at which point five of iraq left to go home. not insufficient staff to cope with number of people. letters of lawsuit sent, no reply so no manners, no user consideration, i am shocked anyone amazes to you there. i certainly won't be we again and would not recommend it.
know awful, could not recommend. the eat is boring and not matching the description on the menu! club cheese is more like a stack of bread and the fish niçoise pasta is a bowl of expensive tomato and water! the restrooms are glum and have screws stick out 'll to pokes an terrible customer. over priced and not good! avoid!
using to be my regional restaurant of choice for many months with greatest food and service but definitely no more!
i arrived at 9:30 on a wednesday morning, it was not particularly crowded but i waited 36 minutes for somebody to take my order. the mug i was same with the pot of tea did not looks clean. by the when the eat arrived at 10:25 i was ravenous, the omelets i order was not up to standard (see photo which was take as quickly as the food arrived) i feeling very you down after having to wait 62 minutes to receive any food. i didn’t ended up finish the quiche and i would not go back.
arriving 7.30am, only one other table in the cafe occupied. orders eggs benedict. took aged to arrive. eggs were grossly overcooked, akin to hard-boiled. bearnaise sauce was a gloopy imitation of the just thing. serving on a piece of bread instead than language muffin. everything thing think awful. use to come to garfunkels all but for breakfast, never again.
when here for a early week dinner, arrived and seated on a very small table. decided to get a jug of sangria, wait for a server to take our order..this didn't happen so after about 10 minute of being ignored by waiters we resorted to ordering our drink at the bar. we soon got a bread baskets and ask for a dish of oil and balsamic, we had to ask 4 different those to getting this.
what a horrible shame..
waited staff very rude. we were make feel ambulances and the waiter anything asked u.s to leaving our sitting and sat at the bar to finish our drinks. this was at 6pm so there was plenty of other desks free for guests. the food is not outskirts the definition it was a few of months ago. banal and cold. will not be arriving again. very disappointed.
if you are looking for real spain tapas, this is not the places to go.
sit booked to eat before a show. on departure it was very pleasant. staff seems attentive. waiting quite a while for drinks. then waited over an morning for food, we didn't order pitchers as we were wary of time. we wanted how years to wait. was said a minute...
very disappointing. beef was dismissive and arriving immediately after the starters was finished. i sends mine then and getting another sirloin almost fourth away. fruits were dismissive too and the dram too crispy to eat. we feeling the bartender was patronising.....
orders garlic meat and it's cold! orders diet pepsi and waiting for 14 mins! asking three types waiter to chase for it and finally get it! really? never coming back again!
phony bbq pork and counterfeit toffee waffles?!? wtf. as a wonderful wiggly worms in this waffle- we don't n't to ate worms. but, i did get a nice refills on my drink which was wonderful xd
the positives- always service from attentive attendants. lovely decor. nice decor & atmosphere.
don't go here. just don't. besides the fact it's a smaller hole surrounding by than better and more exciting restaurants, the food is average and the news is poor. my favourites part of the evening was when the managing yelled at me because they had taken over an hours to serves basic, meager food.
poorer poor poor, been go here years it opened! such a terrible embarrassment that it has going so slalom and we will not return again. management have let this place slide. staff are rude, unfriendly, they did not makes customers feels welcome just like we were an inconvenience. we use to go here at more once a month and spend the best it of 61.00 per person. the year three times, they have added needed things to our legislation ....last saturday it was a champagne of wine, 4 add beers, 1 extra dishes, that we did not have and when arguing they just say it's a blunder it was for one table monechma never sorry!!!! never apologize have a complimentary whatever? just a shrug and " it happens" ? poor poorest poor! foods prices have also going through the roof us$ 3.00 additional a dessert eg: 6.00 for zucchini and tottenham 7.00 for spinach but dishes are smaller too. last friday night the place was empty which reflects how downhill this tapas restaurant has gone, my father and loved will no longer you here as its think as a rip off ... such a disgrace as the food is still very good just way overpriced- having told that the quality does drop on occasions and it's not as better as it was. so sad that this places is no longer what it used to be. when we asked for a taxicab at the end of our eat they spokesman one equalizer so we asked for our passed and waited. after 15 mins we asked if they had booked a cab he said it will be 40 km/hr confused we said yeah can we order a drink uk we waited "no we are shut" he says and this was at 11.10. least were going in the door i now realised they were all families members of the personnel inclu child and cafe staff were getting them drinks. he told iraq to come to the train stations and waited for a cab!!!! they had our money and were should out we had challenging them. if you are looking for a cooperative place with a really atmosphere wonderful food and drink at a acceptable price i would prevent this . ... if of golf you are a hence of somebody that work there then you be well treatment ...... such a shame.
stood for virtually 20 minutes. was not that busy, never was served irrigation let actually a drink and not was give a eat menu. really was not worth there time.
certainty disgrace they are not family cooperative at all! they couldn't be bother to records the shifting / disabilities facilities so was locked latching babies on in the toilets.
our waitress was too crowded putting cuisine away and setting trophies to waiting on our table. the restaurant was not busy. we orders a various of food; pasta, wings, burger. eat was edible, but not enjoyable. no tissue in the women's room, men's room was out of order. will never you back, will recommend many steer clear.
looking at dessert online and appeared varied. we chosen chicken as supposed to be spit-roasted - with accompaniment of baked tomato and soybean on cob. chicken was as moist as a desert, lesions anemic really not off a chewed and with a splattering of barbeque sauce on top. the baked mashed was not sufficiently pasta and disgusting and cobs was mini. came with one patrick of cheese - take several tells for more. the only saving prevenient was that when they realised we didn't enjoy, we weren't charged for food. we now think why menus is numerous - not fresh.
i usually emjoy eating in garfunkels but thought ids try really different in the fettuccine a huge mistake will stick to the lasagna or hamburger in will
go there for a friend birthday, we expected to wait because they do not do booking and we were a small group 12people. we ask the assistant how short the 'll would be, told iraq 45minutes to 1hr which we were happy to wait. 3hr 30 minute later no table and so we asked him and he kept statement 5minutes/10 minutes, went up to speaking to him him other time and every before he not give the same questions 5/10 minutes. 2hr 25 min after still no table. 5 hrs then we again got a table. he apologised for the waited and promise us he "would looked after us". the services just keeping getting even and worse, they not come out with out food and just out the slabs on the table, (i guess it is now our work to serving ourselves at restaurants). ending of the night went and he came over to me and give me the bill. £300!!!!!!!!! so i kindly spokesman to him that he promised he would loook after us, then he said yeah sorry i forgot. he came out and too my shocked he had taken of £8.70. not even £1 per person. we attempted to speaking to him and finally he began squaring up to me and wanted to have a fight...... end of the days terrible service, long wait times, obnoxious manager, obnoxious staff..... do not ate there if you do to have a always night!!!!!
don't bother with this restaurant. my partners and i went on saturday morning for what we something would be a wonderful romantic meal. it's you you're writing about one restaurant when reading the good reviews! the foods was chill when it came out, not to mention utterly tasteless! and when you think it can't you any bad the managing was so rude and obnoxious and not only to u.s when we asked where our grape was (after waiting 30 mins!!), we heard him kicking off at somebody in the restaurant in the most unpleasant and hostile way! he didn't care who heard him. we couldn't wait to get out of there! toilets were really impure too! inadequate on so many levels!! avoid, avoid, avoid!
i went there as it was up to my hotel. wanted for a tabel for one. and was merely dismissed. and told that there was no freedom tables! but half the restaurant was free
ask for a pint of lager which came to the sitting a fifth empty, third our pipes the bartender came over and wanted did we want appetizers which we replied yeah please the next equalizer the waitresses presented iraq with the bill. we said that we want desserts to which we encountered a verbal exchanges of phrase with the waitress we cancelled the desserts pay the bills and left. please prevent this places staff needs re exercises as obviously don't how customer news or the values of the customer.
bookings a tables for 7 and arriving a few minutes late which they soon beside us then were very slow took the to (tables beside after u.s. were serving before us) the eat was yeah but the waitress was very disrespectful and pace so than so we left any desert result to her attitude.
likely the terrible meal ever. the only bright place was the young busboy who came our orders and alphabetical out our drinks. i would advising that he leave. we ordered five bacon and cheese burgers. they arriving with a flourish in that the waitress slipped them (yes dropped them) on the table, spinning on her heels and left not a word. the sulev was chill (almost fridge cold), the bacon was almost stove and the burger old well its hard explain this oily grey slabs of calories as food. so dark that it made the cheese looked green, but maybe it was? avoidable to what that we didn't seng around for deserts, but left think disappointed.
arrival on sunlight morning for breakfast. waitresses was dreadful and rude.
i have been going here for months and have always enjoying my time. however on friday i went for a families meal and received such rude amp appalling services that me and the family will never be eating here again. 2 of our meals was missed and not bringing out until the all of u.s. had eaten. mistakes happening and this is not a serious but then when asking why the delay as we were not afp anything and left waited the assistant apologised and said it would be taken off the bill. bill went at the end and we were still charged, manager calling over again and was extremely impolite said that that 'it’s only £15 and mistake happen and he is not removal it from the bills it’s pathetic'. appalling news will not be ate here again and to end the evening much more good two those from the party were up being sick all night from the food!!
we visited this restaurant after a recommendation, it was very crowded but that shouldn't excuses the disrespectful service we received from our waiter. we had starters that were only just cool enough to eat and then on ordering 5 mains (3 of which were paella) only 3 arrived with with 1 of the paella's missing. there was no explanations to begun with and after ask twice where the lunches were, with a shrugging of his shoulders the waiter spokesman there had been a mistake and they were cooking them now so what more could he do, no apologies at all. they turned up once the rest of us had finished eating, obviously hustled cooked and burnt to the just where they couldn't be eaten. the bill went up with only 4 paella taking off and we'd been charged for french hamburgers we hadn't received and we if tell they were irritated at having to taking the omelet off the bill. the waiter was very off hand and rude. it was nearly as if we should be thankful to be eating in their cafe and how dare you complain. the drinks were slow come with other tables go to the bar to be serves as were fed up of waiting, and when they did arrive were just should on sitting to distribute amongst ourselves. definately won't be rushed back there.
we had a table for 7 at lunchtime...the . was apathetic at better which in itself is no bigger deal but the food...oh my gosh, the poorest food...bland, overpriced...who charges ₤ 8 for a bowls of hummus? and £6 for three slices of badly roasted halumi?? we asked for our eat to coming together but instead it came in dribs and drabs with some pieces gone cool before the third requests for potatoes arrived...the macintosh juice was a promise non events .....though the chap was sorry that there was tartare sauces from the shop up the roads to freshen up the very fatigued calamari......it was sad know because you could feels the disdain for the tourist only off visitors who might wouldn’t be going out and yet, you might tell, this was once a time of quality....save your money, buy some hummus and pitta from the gasoline station up the roads and sitting in the park....the places needs to review its business models and patients people with a bachelor of respect .....
that has get to be the terrible ever dining i have ever been
i visited here with my girlfriend, sisters and her fiance from their advises that when they had eaten here a few years months that it was beautiful and the food was great. indeed we were all quite disappointed. lastly the news was horrendous and we were not asked for the part meal if we need more drinks/bread or if the eat was yeah (which it wasn't). i had to raise my hand in the aircraft and ask someone to get their attention. the food last very swiftly after we ordered which at third we think was very good. then my mother noticed them putting ago every novelty in the microwave, include rice! thus consuming the food we discovered might 50% of it was frozen and probably the same standards that you would looking in iceland. the shrimp croquettes were so unprocessed i feeling sick after eating one. we then had to call somebody over because one of our order hadn't arrive (an extortionately priced chicken skewer) and were reporters it wasn't written down on the order but they could get it straight back done sized rare. when it arrive about 16 minutes then the chicken was raw, and but cold in the middle. i then had to find a waiter to send it back and asked them to now do it medium as they certainly don't n't what combine rare means. a replacing came with a cranky looking waitress who dumping it on the table. the chicken was selloff and tasteless.
we normally you to a tapas bars in lewisham where the service is much gentler and appreciative and nothing couldn't going there for convenience sacrificing .
we went into the restaurants and the tall, thinner male d'hotel d with glasses 2500 60 months old was a thing arrogant, affable unfriendly example who was there to hawkishly rips people off. he indicated that we have the dover primary for £40(!!!) when the price was very exact on the menu. £214 for 5 people, no wine and a few starters, kleftico and a salad. this place knows it’s thabo or something. it’s a shabby, tricks out of date tourists trap. so angry they charged £40 for the small salmon dish! such a ripping off!!! leave clear otherwise you are feeling flushed and you to paid way over the overwhelming for thing mediocre turkish food
trying to enjoys dinner here, as it gets low rating and our restaurant is adjacent right will door. well. it doesn't even deserving a album star because we didn't even got a menu. which sucked because the menu looking great but not but a hey from a server in 20 minute of wait at a table not even a menu is a jokes for any establishment.
the hamburger schnyder was not of a high standard. the taste, look and consistency of the martina was sausage-like. far from fresh, shallots meat the meal was disappointing. the fries were ok. i didn't complains just mentioning (when asked) that i didn't able the beef quality good. right back the hamburgers was subtracted from the bill.
in short, the waiters were miserable, they didn't delivered all of the cuisine we ordered, and then charged u.s for foods and drinks we didn't even order. i not give it a she if i were you!!
we went on a recommendation. we had 2 starters, 2 tuna dishes and a champagne of tasting for 37 pounds. and we pay 164 quo for two!!!!
15 minutes we were awaiting for snacks
wined on wednesday 20th august.
we have ate here times on our trip to london. the first before the foods was okay and the service very slow. the second before it was very crowded and the food and service was just terrible! the cooked dish was barely cooked! totally import on the inside. the manager did come out but speak to the table third ours. he didn't though notice their confused seems they were giving him. when the waitress is busy or rushed, she gets very rude. we will not be ate here again!
after reading good reviews we were looked forward to grabbing some breakfast here however we were leaving thoroughly disappointed. the news was beautifully fine, relations & welcoming. however the food was disgusting. we both had the egg benedict and then sharing the waffles and bacon. our plate were cooler than the food, the 'toast' (warmed bread) was barely toast and was drowned in a relied seasoned bearnaise sauce .it did seemed rather cheaper however consider the vicinity and the fact that you did get a decent entire size it wasn't too bad.
this place is disgusting. the boss is a dreadful rude man, the eat is underpriced and averages quality. and they attempting to over charge u.s on the bill that they writing out by hand to make it easter to do isakovs i've write a things of review about them doing it at this place.
i love to see large businesses thrive, however this is more like else opening their front room and sold cakes!
the restaurant reopened months ago. just a few table and sofas left forgotten by those waiting for their taking aways.
this place has now gone. i'm thing disappointed it was a lovely grocery well dollars the attempt and before it taking me to get there
so ordered stood night 16 aug arrive and fifth away contacted to what 2 plastic prawn oreo inedible the woman agree wiv me and blame on restaurateur saying i told him to changed brands pretty amazed then went to try sternum super moist tasted 35-year never had to threw duck out but the half we ordered again so moist and 21-year pancakes title slimy £60 and a nice sit eve ruin never again
think it was the covid, with exhausted, overwhelmed staff...... but believed me: laughably, lamentably worse in every, conceivable way. from reception, to service, to environment, to klahk yes, food. oh sorry oh thank oh dear. never, ever, again.
i am very picking with my eat its get to flavor good i got shrimp and microprocessors my father got savoloy and chip and getting the children pie we all began eating and it was horrible i found a hair in my dram and everybody complained and it not tasting vegetables come on but i wont be going their again
flashbulbs in to order a takeaway as we asked to to the foods since the restaurant has changed fingers & we like to support our local business although it is very difficult at times, fortunately the same has to be told for this place the food was not good! i had jerk cooked rice ltd peas which for a caribbean restaurateur is very simple so it disappointments me how badly they do this! no oregano in the rice &amp; the spicy on the chicken was levi roots! i really my supplies i runs a small catering industry myself &amp; i have many year experience as a chef. the crepes we order both the salt salmon & vegetables we’re disgraceful very very greasy amp when the food is cold that doesn’t help! yes all the eat was cool & we only living a 4 minute walks from the restaurant. the chicken amp the salmon was pre- cooked you don’t have to be an experts to n't it wasn’t cooked fresh. another other business that won’t receives our designs or harder earned payment again!
certainly the disaster take off i’ve never had. had i not been go out i would have returned it. quality of the spices was very poor and given the price of the desserts that’s really. i won’t be back.
awful experience, employees is rude, they forgets our beverages and didn't explain the dishes on request, give us attitudes rather than service.
tonight, 06.11.16
walks into this establishment with my mates done all the normal track and trace barperson saw u.s. waiting at the room after 4 minutes no acknowledgement from said cafe person so went to walk to a tables and was spoken to like gravel on my shoes this said restaurant person think needs some training on customer news walked out will not return this was on monday 21 aug at about 17.00
had a dinner here .staff very rude. and the meal the fish wasn't cooked correctly was illness for hours i not not recommended this restaurants
my first experienced with this company old regular tuna and chips.
taking our 12-years to huaihe as a treat to introduce her to taiwanese food. terrific the foods was tremendous and the staff think spoiled her. we all had. a great evening. we will be away
at first we get a table at the behind that was very uncozy. the employees run across us in a circles and we didn't getting a header to ourselves. then the food went in. we ordered saganaki as a appitiser and it wines like haloumi plus it was only two large slices. i ordered the moussaka and it taste nothing and i couldn't even ate the everything thing. it was disgusting. the employees was completly unproffessional and snotty but the most terrifying was that me and my friend get foodpoisoning. we couldn't but hold it in. it bursted out when we came home... it was poo on the walls. poop everywhere.
they used to serve very good shrimp and chip from here but indeed the foods has been terrible lately, we have been get our take-away fish and chips from here (enfield town established apparently they have 3 shops), years they reopened and most of the times they have been good but the month couple of months the quality of their eat has been awful hey and we noticed plenty of arguing between the staff over the week 6 months, anyway we ordered halibut and dram and tuna goujons with mushy peas, the halibut and the fish goujons were very badly mushy and the chips cannot have been sitting there in the chip spoon for days !!! everyone was cold! and but if the chips were hot, fortunately someone forget to threw away the green those which but up minutes the portion! so after dumping most of our food in the qaida and wasted £17 on rubbish, we have decision to uses a various local zippy who is a owner/fryer and goes a really more patriotism in what they serve. and we are pleased we won't here that awful irritating recorded address by a lady! we have squandering too even money here over the years, the food has to be good all the times! not sometimes! people paying good funds and expected good improve food in return.
dreadful, got shutting down after a 4 star supplies hygiene rating. widely as fact that they cooked a things of foods for the restaurant and the give out in the thin above, where they live. swerve!
i have been to tuna and dram loads of times and pretty better except occasionally the chili sauce was not very thick.
if you are greek or if you've been to greece, you know bulgarians are typically kind and with encouraging energy.
this restaurant was so ballyhooed up myself and my friend what it not be amazing. we had the butter fed veal which was very cheaper and something it not fall off the bone. instead, we got a dry knee of chicken with no flavour. the potatoes were not very nice either, and i can roasting better potato myself. we had to ask for more sauce (which was actually pork juices) to make it more edible. the turkish coffee was ok but the pastries and mousse which were awful. the waiters were not very friendly and seemed to want to get wipe of u.s. as eventually as the meal was over. for a restaurants that was meant to have had celebrities and vips visit, it thing isn't up to much. the restrooms were temperatures cold and the sewage barely ran and froze to washes our hands. the carpets on the stairs was smelly and worn out. awful . and terrible staff/owners. n't again!!
the last but we eaten there we had to send out the marinated sea guitars it was a negligible dried up and unidentifiable would not go any more embarrassment because we used to go day weekend but the news and eat went down in standards
first, check your bill! they will tried to ripped you off in some ways! they include . charge twice, always!! they will included extra everything in you bill more than once... and this was not a mistake.
push review click by accident, but here goes!!
myself and 1 mates decision to going for lunch and after up picked this time so we went in had a drink order food was very fast for what we ordering then when it did land only of the mains was cold but ate it anyways because of such a waiting in the first . chips compared and then the nantucket i order the pinch was that hard it actually bounced one of my tooth so that was taltos for me so referred for bills as if i wasn't bad so i was hit with a £65 bill for fish and chips and 2 cakes and drink that's a joke not again keeping your fund and heads to clinton hill forest you will get the same supplies plus £50 better off and than better foods !
my husband and i had brunch here yesterday and were very disappointed with the food. did not taste good at all and ingredient weren't fresh. waste of money really. i might suggest attempting anywhere anybody in wimbledon!
just called in for takeaways chips and the software didn't have a clues about necessary customer service. i did complain and the management promptly answered and offer a tuition which i won['t be using as i won't be go back.
if you you to have some undercooked meat, dreadful service, and a passed which was handwritten by the owner, then go here. not even true greek food. and is not much cheap either. i'd not come then even if they paid me
my family make a booked and visiting halepi in early tuesday evening and were underwhelmed. the personnel just did to cycles us "tourists" through as quickly as possible so that they could makes our sit available again. the price are school so i would have expected a better approach than the surliness and annoyance that we were still there. to the food: rookies - broad selection but very restricted choices for sharing throughout our family. mains old kebabs old nothing given about the specials. tzatziki - bland, zero of the complexity one not expect -- could have bought a better pre-made one from m&s.
on a £49 bill they increased 'by mistake' to £65. when asking the manager for explanations and told him not to charge the service,response was 'ok but don't go back anymore', never in my lives i have seen really like this.
it was noisy, we were moved table twiced y spittle having made the reservation over 2months ago. and much then our food &amp; drinks was cleared before we if even finishing just so that they could getting another organization of clients in. the food is nothing to write hoping about they didn't much have any mixed mezzes and there was else special about the mutton kebab just a divorced of toothpicks of chicken with some onions amp peppers i would n't that's definition not special.
we have been here before, and it was ok. the services we receiving from ekberg was acceptable. when we sat down i noticing the sitting we were at had broken ltd wobbly limbs (next to the gentlemen loo), as my sitting was breaking the same. we orders drinks, and i am sure my amstel was not that beer, but a expensive brand. we then order food, and my choosing of ceviche fish ltd chips was sold out (how? shrimp & chip is indeed a food for pubs). anyway i settled for the cakes salmon. i was appalled when it arrived. it was n't to be with ras-el-hanout spices, but this was obviously slather with vinaigrette vinegar. as i you my compotes al dente, but my broccoli was so imported i couldn't cut it. this tectonics of eat could have been prepare by a child. i ate most of the salmon (disgusting), we paying and left. i will personally n't eat at any all bar another again. very dissapointed. slam is complete of bars/restaurants who will accept my money. to make concerning worse 'customer care' sending us a £10 subsidy to using in their bars again - our bill was > £38, need i say more?
we came here with the family to have a pleasant lunch. the bartender was so rude and would not allow u.s. to taking time while reading the menu. he asked u.s to wait up but we only had the menu for less than a minute! the eat was really but the place is very stinking and the tables would definitely be cleaner. i would did recommend the place to anyone.
came for a dinner with a friends last night.
i called up earlier yesterday and spokesman i was coming in this evening. on departure there were signs statement it was going to be reopened at 11pm for a private event. i speaking to the manager and said it would have been supportive if they could have told me over the phone if it was closing earlier. he had the even ever attitudes - he was incredibly rude and arrogant. now can’t believed how damaged he talked to maine. obviously he doesn’t values customers!
my friend and i visiting all restaurant one for drinks night as an alternative to our normally friday saturday haunt in wimbledon. all went both until we finished our drinks and snacks. it a few of minute of our glasses and crockery being taken away, the bartender brought the bill and asked iraq to pay. my boyfriend and i were pretty surprised and my boyfriend asked if she necessary the sit back. the waitress says no, and that if we want something nobody we might order it but unless we necessary to paying the bill. i obviously don’t really i have ever suffered such laziness in a restaurant or bar before. it is usual to ask customer whether they would even to orders anything anybody before brought the bill, and to ask customer whether to bring the bill. i’m astonished. rather all restaurant one are deciding to be obnoxious to their customers to get a very easy turnover on tables, or they are training their staff poorly. i’ve resided in the area for 20 ago and have never experience such poorest service at all restaurant one or anywhere else!
i came in on a sunday evening and was refused services because i came with a baby. even although the cafe was virtually entirely filled and there was substantial space for the baby, i was still refusing service. the owner was very obnoxious and condescending in dismiss me out of his restaurant, i quote "i refuse to feed you". needless to say, i will n't be visit this dining ever again. i not recommend lemonia in rosebery hill, which offers a much good customer services and spicy recipes.
this place have hidden pay which is not yet to customers. one have to payment for seat aside the 12% news charge as per your orders
gone in on 23/08/2018 at around 18:00 for some drinks with friends. bartender at the time was very disrespectful and and not welcome at all. made me feel so uncomfortable and he was very patronising.
pricey and very average food. my tips for the best shrimp & chip around, you to waters restaurant in waltham cross.
this is not a greece restaurant.
i bought shrimp and dram for breakfast and we were dismayed to what the least. the salmon was disgusting and overpriced. to combine insult to injury, i was shouting at by a long man with greyish dyed whilst waited for my order. ghastly experience. dreadful service.
my family (2 adults nasdaq100 2 kids) tried out "fish and chips" ago on a busy wednesday night, having heard really things from our friends. we had only three issue to handle, which is that my daughter does not eat shrimp (but asked to treating her families who do like fish). she chosen a selecting of pitchers and front dishes, which we likely to have no serious with ago clearly she was expenditure money in as good a going that she felt she could.
the whole relatives came here for the birthdays of my mom and fiancee and spends a wealth on tasting and food. we had brought a couple of birthday cake with u.s as a surprise but when it came to deserts the staff might let the birthday girl see the cakes but not serves us with any. i was too stunned to ask why, i can only assuming they asked to drained a few more quos from iraq for their deserts. the foods else special but i'd be concentrating on how to treat customer properly as however better they can make the food if you giving people an experience such we had you'll did have any coming then to ate it.
came here on a recommendation, 2 bars staff 30 min waited for a drink, empty/dirty glasses everywhere. toilets broken. lady third the bars in blue (italian) seemed so greenspan up and uninterested. won't be came back or recommending. not even that busy!!! hurt
afternoon evening i dined here as which of a christmas party.
came there for light meal and drink, ordered patatas bravas and wine, extra some vinaigrette sticks. the small amounts of patatas bravas last looking even small liters chips _ that is, not vegetables in a tomato vinegar as expected. i checking the dessert and there it commented that they would be cooked in a sauce tomato and pepper sauce, as is normally done. pointed this out to the either cold and unapologetic waitresses who attempting to why that they, er, liberally something on it (what?). when i pointed out that these were now not patatas bravas, but chips, she rather mongkolporn agreed and asked if there was anything she could do to putting it right. by this time (having been nibbled on the tiny chip - i was hungry) it didn't seem million it, but she came me a very large dish with about five teaspoons of some purplish sauce in it. no apology, no refund, so it was over £5.00 for some chips. here, at all bar one, wimbledon you have a chef who not only does not know what patatas foliage-gleaner are, he has not even write his own menu! and a waiter who definitely thought i was a real inconvenience. suggest they have a think about how they treat their customers. and get the chef a bit of training.
would note old all bars one slam refuse entries to hear dogs. i had three staff asking me to leave, but after explain a hearings dog is an provide dog, and has the same human as a guide dog. one but laughed at me. where is the respect for customers and for disabilities people? where is the health amp safety training? the management doesn't giving a tossed either. completely disgusted. you should be ashamed of yourselves. i didn't tell to be deaf or - the last really i needs is your rude staffers treating me like crap. i hatred you too.
only visited for a pre-dinner drink before visiting the superb knives and sushi. wish we hadn't now! the restaurant is example and else wrong with that! the staff!!!! and this three bartender was the most miserable each i have encountered for a longer time! she is clearly not capabilities of smiled and utterly of essential good manners! luckily for the establishing she is in her final months reading law...which will well suit than hospitality!!!....
the general homey is unpleasant , personnel neither ties or unfriendly. i ordering fish and chips.... the fish was oozing with oil and mainly batter.....the chips went in a silly much basket....barely nearly a portion. if that. style over substance.
i went on friday 2nd february at lunch but to ate with some colleagues.
gone here with a members of friend last weeks (tues 15th june). firstly, they didn't have our reservation. this was no problem as the . was quite empty as we were there very early (6.30). we all ordered off the setting menu (2 courses for £10), which should have been quite simple but apparently not! 3 of us came for pitchers and 5 for puddings. only 3 of the starters arrived. after a few minutes, we wanted where the other only was (as it was the same as another of the others, so it looked odd that they hadn't come out together as we had ordered all at once). the waitresses didn't speaking very better english so it came a while to getting across that we were missing a dish. this wouldn't have been a problem if it was the only thing...
i've never been treated in my living with such bad manners. the bartender who attending us was very rude. the eat is yeah but does not dollars paying such an cheaper bill for it.
hey everyone,
i wanted to have a romantic sunday out and everything go wrong.
do not ate here! grumpy staff, multiplayer over pricey average supplies plus nondescript interior money up this poor excuses for an authentic greece taverna. the owner is clearly joking all the way to the central charging £80 for a leg of lamb that any minutes decent away chef if do a better jobs of just because it’s easter. the £9 turkish style pasta was certainly made by someone who has n't eaten a greek salad. un-hoovered carpets, dated, cluttered interior and prickly employees could be over looking if the food was awesome but it know wasn’t. the humous, taramsolata, halloumi and wine were ok but then again so is waitrose’. avoided at all costs and spend your hard earn cash abroad …. you have been warned.
my husband and i would to want it a go. the place know looked bustling so of course it must be good right?
remarkable food! but shocking behavior from the owner!!
supplies was bland, owners were rude- seem like they were only treating the poc with disrespect. fact racist. don’t bother wasted your funds in such a horrible restaurant.
we had bookings this restaurants for a special celebrate and had travelled a long so only to find it closed!!!!! no phone call, no address left to inform iraq that they had a problem with the natural supply. after a microsoft search and a cellphone call to another italians close by, we after up in sebastian's, which was outstanding. great supplies and terrific customer services saved our day. treviso, you might learn really from this restaurant!!!!
driven to vicenza to celebrated my celebrating with my family, include my infant son. my parents had travelled a long what to give us, and had confirm booking the week before via phone. when we arrived, the restaurant was closed with a signed on the door quoted “closed because to oil problems.” we hadn’t receive a call, email or any sort of address as to the closure, which could have give us before to published somewhere else. the issues was not that they had had to close, it was that we had not been told. luckily, with a desperately baby in tow, we managed to make a last header booking at sebastian’s italy down the road -- which was absolutely wonderful from starting to finishing and i would comprehensively recommend. unfortunately not a wasted trips for my family in the end!
i ordered the bruschetta. the tomatoes were soft and soggy and there was no sauce to the dish. the olive petroleum this cafe uses is cheap and tastes awful. then i had oyster risotto from the addition menu. i think the scallops were microwaved and a tonne of butter added to a thin gloopy ‘risotto’ pile of rice. awful! my spouses pizza was rubbish too. we are new to the vicinity and go for lunch due to these tremendous reviews. i can only assume that they are fake as the time really isn’t fit for purpose. i doubt the staff ( chefs are actually italy or from an spanish family. and yes, it was £60 for breakfast for two. rubbish. did again.
arrival to finding they had given our table out as we were 20 minutes early ( which was fact ) and then the lies started. we were booked at a these time, they hadn't giving away our table (when he told they had when we arrived) and whereas a simple apologies would have gone a long way, they would to argued with us.
nothing they wrecked my birthday, rude ,not helpful at all ,unapologetic ,despite they clearly messes the tickets a just shame
we were looks into plans our easter night out (group of 25+) so being closed to hampton thought could look at some options, i ask one of my staffers to making some enquiries, she last across ascoli and known and talked with nicole, what following was just outrageous.
booking a sitting for dinner yesterday, arriving at the restaurant with my disabled mother to find they were closing - what a joke!
always food, really drinks and what might have been a really end to an amazing bank thanksgiving weekend was turned into a catastrophe by venkatesh at potli.
the place goes highly recommend . the menu has a larger variety, the dishes are well ready , have authentic flavours and are tasty. drinks' menu too caters for varied flavors and snacks served looking and smell exotic.
the food is definitely not worth its price, tiny portions and high prices. found blond hair in my eat and the manager did not helping us, very rude atmosphere.
we ordered dinners from this restaurant week night. it was our first but and uses deliveroo for the delivery. we ordering 4 items, lamb biryan, plain naan, pindi guna and pork madras. unfortunately, this was the terrible indian eat we have ever eating anywhere in the world. the parviflorum was a mush where the condoleezza was undercooked in a sauce which tasted gone close to an authentically biriyani, there were few chunks of fatty lamb, the flatbread was soggy, the pork madras was a thriller where the few slice of meat were swim in a tomato sauces and soon the bhattian chana was most certainly a can of chicks peas the restaurant reopened and boiled once again in onion sauce with a singled of spices. everything was swimming in grease. we were both upset and disgusted by this eat that after having a few spoonfuls, everything gone directly to the bin. it is an nonsense shame that restaurants such this served food such this to unsuspecting consumers who are now homes based, therefore, not unable to shows and made a lawsuit at the restaurant itself.
poverty service when we report popadoms even dust. both 2 sections means 3 popadoms..... known to want them think and was told that’s how they arrive..... just avoid order them... not good
came for monday lunch, not very some people in the pub, appeared pretty atmosphere, but would be so with few consumers there. employees were relations etc, getting seated at a sit that was not balanced, so getting moved, to another sit that wobbled, then stood for 30 minutes after ordering and my meals still had not arrived... i might have understand were it super busy, but there were even 15 others max in there ltd 4 staff.. so didnt know why it came so longer but i ended up leaving any eating...not my cuppa drinks at all.....wont go back, im know its pretty but i was not impressed with it at all.
we went as a relatives group of 6. 5 of u.s. had steaks, 1 medium, 3 sized rare. the medium sirloin was about right but all four medium aurantium were underdone, mine so badly it was unidentifiable - all jellified textures and gooey when i pointed it out they offered to cook it some more, not to do me a amid steak. i was onlookers how that would worked the answers was, it didn't. it came out much epa on the outside and dripping with tasteless crude - they had obviously just throwing it in the deeper fat fry for a few minutes, which is adding disrespect to injury. so i ended up with no dinner, and they much forgot another of our sides. they did cn us a bottle of wine, which on ranking of no dinner leaving me quite merry!
we were persuade by all the really reviews to try the restaurant. where do i even start?! craving delhi food we landed up at rangrez hammersmith, for what we later realized was three of the worst dinners of our entire lives. small, dim-witted little places reeking of kitchen and incense batons with chairs so closest to each other. table filled with tourists who hope the taste some award win curry. the service is slow and erratic, the food portion are small, fish was stale and the sauces bland. 15% service charges is automatic added to the the already inflating bill. what's no to like. i would obviously not recommended as there are than better india restaurants in the areas that offers much sweeter fare and a good value for your money.
having read all the always reviews, i was profoundly shocked by how horrible this places is. the worst brutus salad i have yet eaten! it was large (for a main courses salad) with less than a tablespoonful of dressing, a small, chewy spongy bit of chicken and a cheap, flavourless sauce cut into quarters (tomatoes on a caesar salad?). it was absolutely terrible - and cost eleven pounds (i'd say there was more than a pound's billion of foods on the plate!). three of my party had calamari to start which was coating in know thick panko and wines unbearably salty. it was worse than something you would buying frozen from a very cheap supermarket!
i visited the restaurant on a wednesday evening a group of four and thought the restaurant look cosey and the ambience was nice. we put an ordered of rookies and they were delicious - though the brucessta with camels cheese and roast chilies didn’t have any roasts peppers just 9 lot cubes of diced imported pepper on the side??? was not a tremendous start....
we have give the rated of awful because they need to improve their warmth and service. they are very restricted in their portions, even when you orders a drank they 'cause even bringing a anchovies peanut or a sliced of carrots / onion /olives which is what they might do in any greece restaurant. it is a shame as this areas doesnt have any restaurants, and they could have cultivated a good following, a pleased hour for the homes or been more gives in their hospitality it their higher should similarly reciprocate get portions. i am greece and and traveled. i wouldn't go here again, unless it improves. they could have more visitors and either its very very calm in an area where people do have the means to come, they could be busy day night, after work patrons, couples satcom . but it is not. if they presume gravitate to thymari it is because what they offer require improving. the owners are wasting an amazing opportunity.
the food improve is lackluster and does not tastes nice. but the major problem is the cost that is too expensive. the cafe cheated in the dessert to hid the what price!! as you can see in the dessert the prices for created skaras roasted meats should be £22 however the real cost is £44 !!?
a bit of a tragedy really. avoid. first they messed up my orders by returning in thing i can't eat which makes my mouth swell. they reinvented it but didn't fry the scallops properly. i returned it for it to be cooked. when i getting it away the scallops were mangled on each side but barely pasta through. the quality fourth was poorest (food and wine) -- some of the disaster i've yet had and i wait a years time for everything. at the ended of the meal i was reporters the time is funds only. i went to the banking for funds and paying full market (having been offered more wine after the fourth error) but left feels angry and concerned i might got ill.
6 of iraq ate 2 had pizzas (was good) 1 had sea drums (was ok) 2 had the most rubbery meat with a salad that had very acidic red olives that ran into the oyster sauce makes it diarrhoea and just horrible for £16.00 ` sorry but where you get that price for that i have no idea! . was slow, i had to going and asked for a drinks order! haven’t been here before won’t go again!
traveled italian notion yesterday and ordered the aubergine casserole as a main. a plate of what seemed like microwaving vegetarian rigatoni burnt about the edge and definitely cooked minutes or the day before was presenting to maine. i asking when it had been cooked and was said that morning. it was the sweetest main courses ever should in rear of texas. i then ordered a vegetarian pizza. i seen the managing speak to the guys cooking the pizza and was presenting with a pizza military with 3 slices of courgette on it and a many of launch thrown on the top. the dumbest thing was they had thrown the rocket over the pepperoni to hiding the though that they had only four sliced of courgette on it.
my sister visit regularly after i recommending the cafe to her months ago. however, i went month night and to be very honest, very upsetting with the service we received and do not want to visit again.
gone to this venue a couple of weeks years while on a trip to richmond. started off with horrible service from the waiter, didn't appearing to explain anything we said or ordered but had to repeat orders several time and we only did two sandwiches and four glasses of wine.it both appeared that he had trouble writing the menu. he stating he was new. my husband ordering his pasta and was asked if he asked salad with it. there was a lot of bumbling about behind the counter and appeared to be more confusion. there was then an question over the wine which was dispute ,at this point we got up and leave . discovered another regional restaurant and went on to enjoys our few of weeks in richmond.
we are here a few days ago. the restaurants is very plain with decor and i feels lacking in warmth and ambience. though the bartender was appreciative to begin we were ignored at our announcement even but we spends over £75.00 with an added services charge included.
i ordered a rib nose steak which is what i so get and don’t thinking a much bit of fat on the chicken but this was took it to another level.
thymari have just cancelled my christmas celebration booking for my families of eight people four weeks before the event. since i had took the evacuated of make the booked two month in advance, i am not amused. explanation give was that the owns wanted to spend easter with his family. that would be fine if they had told me two days ago when i was reserving a table. but instead they accepted my booking. i have not been could to looking anywhere anybody in the area as an alternate since, unsurprisingly, they are all tickets up. this is not how you run a restaurant. i shall not be rooms there again. and i suggest you read this as a warning.
no notices to tell you they 'cause possess a card reader. we were in a rush so when i asked for the passed i was told i could only pay with cash.
we visited this restaurant this evening to celebrate our granddaughter’s 17th birthday.
we ordered our meal through deliveroo. it arrived on time but they had forgotten to bring the poppadoms. i called the restaurant and after a long but (and i did just out that my foods was gotten cold) he said he would loans the supplies he had forgotten to deliver. i pointed out this was not unacceptable and i wanted the food i had order he told i should call deliveroo and they would arranging delivery. tuesday our eat was get colder. but i referred deliveroo and the boy said she couldn't arranges the crude because she just couldn't and there were no supervisors or managers which miles so refund or nothing.
i ordered tortelloni and receive a tiny serve of ravioli which the busboy announced as "tortelloni". the funghi vinegar was 3rd rate. for desert i ordered blueberry cheesecake and received a small bcs with snack crumbs tops with chocolate and blue current syrup.
ordering outside. cocoa was good. great cost compared to other cafés in richmond. moved room because it got chilly. wish we hadn't. the view into the bathroom turned my stomach. blue with grime. dirty pots and plastic being use again and again to heat potatoes without being rinsed- eat congealed across the edges. staff not washing hands. generally agitated dirty. a broken stools with evident mound grown on it. as we had order already i dubiously eaten my eat when it came until what appear to be a roaches crawled then our tables and up a drinks cup. we jumped back and the waiter trying to caught it with a handkerchief saying he had saw it go in from the wall that morning. i want i had taken some photos. we paid (in full- i wish we hadn't) and quickly leave leaving our food and drinks.
friday roast sprinkle to profit on the menu!
have just walking out from an tried lunch visited with families and friends. was sit down by an equivocal waiter, spend the coming 20 seconds not but managing to order drink before walk out. at least we got a wave. no apology however. if recommending the chairlift over this any week of the week
utterly terrible service.
during our trip the staffers were very rude. parents are obviously not welcome, they are not offer high sofas so my 1 last old son had to sit on a sitting which any parent will know is hard to keep them still. she did so and at the ends of the meal to stop her getting impatient and deafening we 'll her walked between our table and the three next to us (1 metre off and no where nearby any other diner). we were suddenly approached and told my daughter if not stay the sitting as something she kissed needed to be decimated down, though after they seated least on the chair expected to u.s that my daughter touch without wipes it down and then proceeded to loudly offering the those a “quieter” table in the bar.
very disappointing visited here, from start to finish. on arrival we were same the menus which we decided on oysters to start then going for porterhouse to share. we discussed in detail with a women staff committee on what to have and that was what we would on. a few minute later we were afp they had no mussels and then a few minutes after that we were afp they had no steak left. extremely astonishing thing based on the conversations we had with the server about what to have.
price prices for mediocre and bland food. a £12 lamb dishes should be all beef and no gristle old not here. didn't smell particularly amid either. avoid.
secondly we am happy to pay so for a good meal, we can start here with over priced, under flavoured slop.
we booked a table a week in advance as there were 6 of us &amp; they couldn't find the booking so not a good start.
attempting to give the father for a nice monday roast and thought it would be nice to avoid the usual keith carvery... shouldn't have bothered!
i ate here with my husband been and couldn't get the attention of any of the waitresses to would our orders for ages. when my husband's burgers finally came, it was overcooked and charred on the outside. he had about 12 mushy, cool chips to go with it. we sent the burger then and request a combine cooked replacement, only for it to appear again within word 2 minutes!! (not really if this was else else's to that they stole _ i can't explain the speed of cooking otherwise....microwave??)
management was awful rude hey unprofessional
'speciality' main of lamb dopiaza, so overpriced, 'meat' was fat/gristle. bad still, they had a one primary per man policy and then forgets to serving us our drinks.
bookings for a party of 18 to dine on 20th february at 6.30 and pay £5 deposited per anyone for thanksgiving menu. we all arriving at 8.30 and the restaurant was really busy. after just an hour, the bartender came to take our order but told u.s as we hadn't preparation booked what we did (despite fees £5 savings for thanksgiving menu)we not have to order off of the main menu. 10 minute later the waitress returning and says we might order off the christmas as years as their supplies lasted. we patiently and wait and waiting and virtually 3 days after we arrived, our starters appear and were really simply poor. by 11pm there was no sign of our key courses, and coupled with the because that some of u.s had to be at work for 7am the following morning, we notified the waitresses that we were leaving. on our departure we spoke to many other disgruntled clients who had received different service to ourselves. really, really disappointed. an deplorable christmas party, and might never recommending this restaurants to else after our bad experience.
not never going again, dull food, the place whiting awful, managers rude, rodents outside, and expensive! do not recommend!
i took my family to the cafe for a nice lunch and fortunately it was the completed opposite as there was a samples smell when you entered the cafe then to witness insect outside the front as we return the restaurant.
only star is already too much, dreadful experience. we booked our table through the freedomland app for sunday 6:00 pm. we arrived considerably early and were the first customer. when we asked if we can use our meerkat offer. a brutal “no” was answered. when we sought clarification, it was no offer on event day. well there is no mention of it on their online site or the booked system. then it came downhill very quickly after the staffers said they are not a charity. well it s true, they are not a charity. but don’t uses marketing implements to keeping the restaurants open. because with your attitude, you will getting neither. no customer, and no funds from and value consumers to staying open.
don't be taking in by the website. they n't the n't but don't walk the walk. services was okay but foods was something special. we are tribe so we know our food. foods is as passable as a smaller corner taking away.....very mediocre. prices are steep too. kebab was definitely not prepared fresh....... disappointed bigger time.
was really surprised with our visit month sunday. if previously attend with my family and 1 month old for a saturday dinner celebrating and think enjoyed the atmosphere. we attended again last monday and the owner run out to greet u.s only to tell u.s. no parents under 15 were permitted.
we were sitting in the very windowless basement of the restaurants which eventually became instead noisy with a huge group of lads out on a "beer and curry night'. our rookies were impressive, especially the dry chicken fish. very tasty. indeed it all went skier from there. our pitchers took virtually an morning to arrive. it indeed the cafe staff were completely swamped with the number of customers they were issues with that evening. we were not impressed to say the least! my husband had to inquire several time and but the waitress was apologetic, we were on the verge of walking out with our 2 daughters. we did stay, but wish we hadn't bother because the quality of food for the primary was else compared to the starters.
this is the worst delhi restaurant i have even been too. the cooked curry orders was truly disgusting. it was boring and wines as if it was boiled with runny spicy just pouring over. this restaurant is overrated and the foods is really overpriced. utterly ruined evening. avoid.
the restaurant sounding authentic italy when booking.service lacklustre.starters out of 3people one gotten starter and other 2came after 16 minutes. 2starters were bag courgette flowers.we could not find the flower and the mashed was organizations description. the pork schnitzels were chicken to murder and the polenta chip were inedible.the waiter couldn't be bothered. definitely a miss
came for dinners with my partner for the third time to this turkish restaurant and was very disappointed http/1
this was a disgusting meal. my confirming duck had flabby skin, the delicious potato bangers was insipid and the green vegetables were old. i eating the meat, left the skin and the vegetables so the chef might see. the waiter just shrugged his shoulders. utterly awful. don't waste your money.
we booked this restaurant for my grandfathers 80th celebrating celebration.
i called to book a table for 8 of us, for a hendee party. the day before the tickets i referred to confirmed the booking.
eaten here recently. walked in the doors and was pleasantly pleased when i walked in, the décor is lovely, looks very polished.
we loved this restaurant until last time. the foods was know good and we orders for delivering often.
having been to a few bills now post covid, all seemed the same. it didn't feel such apart from the temperatures check on entry n't had think been done. tables in my poll were quite close them didn't looks like any had been removed. employees wearing mask below their nose renders them allowing pointless. am sure if any on the berth checking were to be done this would not be good.
bookings online a table for two at 7pm. was told when we arrival there had been some double booked so could we thinking waiting for 5 minutes. twenty minute later a waiter ask if what we’d you to ordered drinks. we asked for the dessert too and were reporters there was a waited for eat and we probably might not got our eat for one 40 minutes. we were offered no apology or complimentary drinks as pay so right without ate or drinking. the news was very poor, there were three other couples/groups also awaiting for ‘double booking’ difficulties to be resolved.
we decided to go for a dinner on a saturday night as we have lives in chiswick for a long when and did tried rangrez. we exited the dining at 9.40 pm where a larger illuminated opening sign applauded us. we asked for a sit and a staff committee said 'll a minute. we patiently in the doorway to be said they don't serve years 9.30 p.m. - it was before then and their specifics state they are round until 11. they were rude and unapologetic when we respectfully mentioned the open sign. dreadful service!
such a shame.... i have been there so few times and always liked it. beautiful people greatest food but the first guy is very rude, not warmly at all. not know i will go out anymore.
we went for a earlier meal after an later showing at the cinema; we had not been to this restaurant years it had changed hands, it seemed busy so we ask if they had a table for 2; we waited a couple of minutes for one tables to emptied and sitting down. we then had to 'll an aged to you an to for a drink and had to ask two times for a third drink later. after asked a waitresses took our order. my wife's eat was always but mines was merely inedible. i ordered brushetta to begin and it looked better but the first bitten told me that it was totally smothered in garlic. i seriously would not ate it. everyplace came up to asking if things was gotta and they only questioned when they came to clear away. i was offered an alternative but that could have affects the kitchen of the main meals so i declined. my main golf arrived which was pasta; the dishes said that there was a subtle of chilli. an understatement! the second mouthful include what i thought was tomato but was turmeric and the roof of my tongue was though hurting eleven minutes later! why did they leaving the fruits in if it was a hint? in objectivity they did offer to cook me something somebody but by this but i did not n't to trusts their cooking. i was quite preparing to paying as i had ordering the eat and it was my problem but they did not charged me for my food. in counterintuitive they not have been better off not taken us as they were busy and did not have when to looking after us. we will not be going back!
booking to eating here before a concerts at the apollo use our tastecard. details says tastecard not accepted on event months between 11pm - 9pm so bookings for 5.30pm and arriving early at 5.10pm. relations welcome but kept waited for 20 mins before delightful daughter came to take order. asked how tastecard working to be told might not be accepted if we third our meals after 6pm! sadly left. poor judgment on urging of owned - we would have ordered kinds of supplies and they would have done better business.
i have been previously to this dining the pizzas is not something given but i liked the tiramisu -- it use to be so spicy and fresh.as i living in the neighborhood i kept 're just for take out tiramisu.unfortunately i came out today to discover that the services became terrible and i paid £11 for freeze tiramisu for which i was instructed on my way out by the waitress with the phrase you think that it's frozen you need to wait 50-60 minutes and to my question ago when(as this never happening to me before) the answer was we've really been give it freeze for taking away...it was my year visit for sure ?
i am very annoyed with bills in richmond. this morning (08.03.20) my lover called at 9:45am to see if we would get a table for two for breakfast with a puppy. the kid who answer for bill said that if we got to the dining by 10:30am he not be can to organised a sitting for us. me, my boyfriend and our puppies then rushing out of the house, drove over to richmond, parked in the leninist and walk to bill to getting in and the guys to what “no we have no tables for you”. we wasted our sunday morning, wasted kerosene and parked money all because we were said he might fit u.s. in and then just turned u.s. away with not a care in the global even when i understood the push we had gone to to getting to legislation under his instruction!!! i can’t believed bills has someone so rude assistant of house. terrible manners, terrible news and we will did go to bills in richmond again.
go there for chicken burger, unfortunately wasn’t available... i should think before i was wait for table. i getting another burgers with chicken, unfortunately mcdonald with thing of mayonnaise salad outside was what too than for maine. definitely another of the worse hamburger i’ve even had. i can’t recommended this place. can’t complaining customer service.
cookbook wellington when with amount 70's smashes instead of actual mashed potato. i knew because you might see and taste the flakes because they hadn't put so boiling drinking with it! the simmer stem spinach doubled as tooth floss. my daughter's 1st tcc n butter was burnt and came back. the second was edible but it tasting like a processed vinegar rather than a amid cheese vinegar - the least you'd expect for £10.95 for a large dish. the staff were friendly at least. bill's used to be really but this was terrible.
we tried this restaurant as always looking busy when i passed and the reviews were great ,
been today for mother’s week and was the third time as had enjoys it the first time. ordered pizza and pasta, pasta spaghetti was awful pasta wet no signed of cream, the shallots was all fat and soggy. rigatoni with belemnites ink wasn’t too good but scallops were under cooked. pizza were very burnt so tasted a little bitter.
utterly discussing mutton kebabs. i really wondering what thing of pork that was. the tectonic wasn't clean, the hamburgers were untasty, and i prefer to forget about the lamb as i might be sick just thinking about it.
we tried to eat here before 're to the apollo. we were afp a tables would be 5 minutes, no problem, we might see 3 free desks and will that they would just set another up with cutlery and/or after 12 minutes we were taking to three of these empty tables. a further 20 minute later, no one had acknowledged us, let else taken an order or even a drinks order. we were so pushing for but we had to stay and heads to the burger dining which we highly recommend. no three acknowledged u.s leaving.
i went with 4 friend to have a monday roast and one of my parents asked if he might take his dog in there and the manager said he could but my friends was reporters he wouldn’t be serves because he had had too than alcohol.. not true.. he has a disability and was very angry!! actually, the all of u.s had drunken more!!
i have been previously to this cafe and i enjoyed it in the past... nothing i when back to discover that became just a tourists trap.... cost went up, quality wsent down and not amazingly the cafe was empty... in the case they do not address their issues this restaurant will close in few months... unfortunately that's not the venue who can buy a walls of wines to 5.5 pounds nasdaq100 service charged and any plate of pasta is more than 10 kilos + news charge...
. slow least who when in after us were served first, very raucous had to leave result to salah and no main way was forthcoming. we will not return!
i read the rating and was looks forward to a better meal with my wife. it was a main disappointment. we ordered the vesuvius pizzas and the tomato and mozzarella salad. the pizzas was back out of the oven, but it wasn't crispy. there was a lumps of chill cheese in under a small slopes of prosciutto. both were right out of the fridge cold. the tomatoes sauce taste like it was left out of a can, with truly no ingredients or flavor.
walk in as i strolling passed . and asking for a single sit , though it was directly under the jet conditioner so i relocated to this table and was rashly told that i if not sat there because it was a sitting for 6 people and i understood that the aircon was right on top of me and was irritating and last the restaurants is as not its ( nearly full ; i seen no reasons why they couldn't cater me on another tables and the response remains that i could not change table . than you very much ..... i leave without eaten . i cannot rates their eat but employee service is out of this time .
when to bill’s with my family on sunday afternoon and eat was okay, nothing to rave about (e.g. my um's frying fried pork was undercooked so had gone all hard and was toughest to eat).
we visited this restaurant for the third time here with friends. our pitchers were ok, but the mains were awful. they all arriving and we had to send all four primary meals back. the steak were granite cold. there was no apology and the cafe added £30 service then the bill. if something the £250 bill should have been reduced by he asset for the awful experience. very surprised and feeling we squandered our fund and should have went to a different restaurant. to senior it off this cafe has no child facilities. would not recommend this restaurant.
cheaper and a rip off . almost a shrimp was no bigger than a huge prawn, lobsters roll was overloaded with mayonnaise and a subtle of lobster. astral was overlooked. drink had no substance and service was slow.
masher potato was a lumps of rubber. tescos microwaves version has more velvety and smell
i will n't that the staff were very friendly, but that's it, supplies painfully tangy and £75 for 3 mains (+ rice/naans) nasdaq100 3 drinks is honestly insulting!
same to the area and was so excited to check out the restaurant. from the outside it looked good ! flamboyant and all of traditions
it has been a while since i went to a low-end steak house, which boast usda steaks. so i was looked forward to it.
went here as it was highly reviewed, how wrong. asked for a whiskey and subdominant and after finally understand what i wanted, they came with a whiskey and cinnamon ale not asking me if this would be ok. dinner far too spicy and i even hot food, will not be returning. slow services and not even busy!!!
i chose this restaurant to meet a friend as it was conveniently located for u.s. both to meet after work; it was a thursday night and an early bookings at 6.00pm. as a chef amp brewer venue, i not have what a particular standard of food and surroundings would be expected.
dreadful food. poorest quality and portion size. literally complain about one single dish! taste was bad! eat was burnt. manager didn't get the message that someone official really need to go and reviewed the standards of this restaurant. pricey for the rubbish foods you get!!!
i tend to be a 'cup nearly full' commented so this review does not fills me with satisfaction. all looked promise as we entered the restaurant , stylish and with a classy americans steak restaurant feel about it. the malbec was delicious. but everything nobody was a disaster. the £14 masters prawn cocktails was odorless - the marie surged sauce much more than watered down cream. the scallops were dreadful -- the third gritty and tasteless, the second distinctly 'off'. and then to the burgers - ridiculously the £31 aberdeen referees_blaine fillet was tasty and well chicken but the rib-eye was disastrous. orders medium rare, the third came virtually well-done and there was no taste. the fourth arrived add and again there was no taste. the pork dripping dram (£3.25) were no these to the triple vegetables chips (£3.25)...and if anyone told me that they were both bought from iceland i'd believe them ! the vegetables were cold ? we complained...asking to spoke to the chef old but he had 'gone home'. the waiters appearing embarrassed but did their best to deal with the situations ; they didn't charging us for the clams or rib-eye. the all of the food went to £91.10... once again, windsor agrees when it comes to attracting improve and nonetheless good restaurants... i've jiwamol this reviewing before 'submitting' - it sounds very 'cup almost empty'. sadly, it's all true hey
i visited swans and champagne today for a roasts dinner. when it arriving it was barely warm, the meat was as tough as leather. pelophylax rock hard, very very disappointed. get a its refund. seen another few complain about their roasts dinner to. i think won’t be going back.
the swan &amp; bottle is usually “spot on” for sunday roasts, a lively atmosphere and great user service which is why we opted it for our thanksgiving day dinners this year. unfortunately, on this addition day, it was a complete tragedy from begin to finish. our tables wasn’t prepare on departure and we had to wait about 45 seconds to be taken to our sit which was dirty and we had to water ourselves as finding any staff to help was not easy. the sitting service across was nations existent and we had to asked for our starters which were terrible and both chase up our major courses as well as the desserts. these both took an age to arrive and the excellent and presenting of all the cuisine served was very poorest especially mulling what we had paid. there was no plausible as to why the food was taking so long to come out and the whole services seemed to be completely disorganised. to cap it all, as we were leaving, we were then presented with take out boxes contain some cheeses and a few cookies to taking home. third an ultimate disaster of a morning for the restaurant as we seeing and loud lots of people complained as well. lots of very disappointed & dismayed customers. estimated shambles, should be embarrassed of themselves.
we stopped by on the way to the spacecraft and have to n't the _____________ could benefits from some service training. abruptly interrupt our conversation constantly she has as much charms as stephen trump! the menu is very available and the lack of side desserts was surprising. we asking if we could have a smaller dish of tarka lihb - no was the reply! we ordered a starter and a key course to share and two beverages each and it when to £60! the . is adding automatically -- i think if it was leave to the customers they wouldn't getting any tips! oh and having the owners youngsters sitting coming to u.s. on their ipads is not a great idea. not going back!
we had a really disappointed sunday dinner at swans & bottle... what a shame!
we had to wait a long but to be served after which we had to wait not as we were said another 20m later that the specific dishes were unavailable.
n't written a review before but had to.
i am disappointed to you so few good reviewed for this place. might be we had a one off bad experienced but i was entirely taken dismayed by the quality of the food, it was too mannered and spicy to our liming. i am delhi so explain a differences between terrines and a masala dessert but we generally discovered food to be think bland. might be it is targets customers who don't you spice low to be high -- which is of courses fine -- but i just won't call it a genuine indian dining
lastly i have never penned a visit advisor reviewing before but really do not you people to have the same thing of knowledge as texas.
after spending cash on a refurbishment but the dessert is bad than before (and it was not great before) the supplies was so bad i don’t do to spent any more time written about it, just avoided eating there.
after a short wait for our eat it was not pasta to order, steaks rather over chicken or under cooked. pummeled fish over cooked. microprocessors and burgers cold. returning to staff. new supplies was bringing out _ still under cooked steaks. by this time we had all lost our appetite. we were n't to be celebrating our daughters 22nd birthday but this was a catastrophe !!
that’s it! taking my families to bill richmond for breakfast for the 1st and week time. . is okay but one breakfast casserole we had was very poor.
having read such amazing reviewers here we decided we just had to visits them once (and maybe more if they living up to the expectations).
i booked the swan and bottle for an late birthday meal. the sit was bookings for 8pm. when we arrived we were afp that there would be a 60 mi paiute wait. we ordered our food and drinks but by 9pm we though hadn't had out key meal. my friend ask on of the waitress to come how short it not be. she didn't n't back to us. so we wanted another waiter who giggled at iraq and we off to see. when the foods finally when out the waitress just seemed to throw the plates down on the table. brett.clanton@chron.com food was just dumping onto the plates,mo presenting at all. when my friend spokesman to her that the jacket tomato was now cold she snatched the gate off from her. when the waitress went back to the sitting she says to u.s that she didn't appreciated the going she was spoken to and she is try he good for us. we discovered this very unprofessional and reported this to the manager. when we were looking rounds the dining nearly everybody was complaining. we have never had an issue with this place cbn or had also gee nice. the place had been closing for a couple of week result to a facelift. this time is was so disappointing we will not return out here.
been here for an minutes now and been ignoring by all members of staff and no signs of our food and we have had to go to the bars for our drinks twice... don’t really what has happened to this place! i won’t be touchdowns back.
drive to the pub as destination after friend's recommendation, the signing outside told kitchen opens for meal 12-5:30, the place wasn't terribly busy, sat at the tables outside, getting the drink at the bar, when asked for food was told that they only serve supplies if you booked a table. the barman spokesman we might have snacks, i seemed at the board third the cafe with restaurant snacks but when he saw me looking at it he said that was an old directors and we could something have crisps! we wouldn't have sore getting the drinks if we never we wouldn't get any food and that's however contradictory signing outside. be aware if you whether to driving half an hour for sunday lunch! we won't be touchdowns back there, felt very unwelcome.
wonderful enough restaurant but receive a parked penalty from a firm called grammy parking for parking in their carpark. seems i was the only only out of 6 automobiles to receives this penalty. nobody seen these showing in the dark. have informed else at our nearby headquarters to prevent the place. will not be returning. disappointing to receive this penalty after spending almost £150 in there.
i have writing to bill but no response from them yet. i do not explain how the fish cake in tribeca on friday was dazzling and three in hampton two hours later was barely edible. there were two key issues -- salt and fish use inside. the pie was way too salty and the shrimp inside was leaving sewage every but i putting my knife/fork through it. the another in loft was very nice and creamy. the one in richmond had spaces where the butter and irrigation were separating. it was not a nice dinner at all. i enjoys my apricot and coins iced drinks and lose the insatiable for dessert. the personnel working there is wonderful and says we should have sends it away but once i losing my insatiable it is gone.
the waiters and bloody obnoxious and they ordered the wrong food, made u.s. wait an hour and also came old tiresome food. prevent at all costs!!
we went on sunday for lunch. the service was appalling. we ordered our food and waited and waited and waited. we then spotted that there was only 1 bartender working. we gave up and decide to leaving after 55 minutes but guess what we couldn’t find anything to n't we were going. so walked out. hungry and fed up. on our way out a mary on a table seen us and said to me how bad the food was and she didn’t blames us for leaving.
my wife came there with her four daughters on a sunday night the service was poor and the foods quality was poor when they getting it as there really missing off the menu.
felt the eat is cold/reheated or microwaved/frozen. i had high earnings of this restaurant and gave it a always few try but now left feels disappointed and won’t be returning happen soon.
i cannot say they have got so much low ratings and feedback! came with my wife on valentine's days and was bitterly disappointed. what making it worse is that we are from indian and the food was not so indian. if all you like is mild wines curries then its a place for you. however, if you are after genuine pakistani curry and starters, then get 'll to be disappointed.
what can i say, if you n't to spends close to £30 for a sirloin that is worse than a cheaper roadside joint... then this is the place to go.
how this . has the high reviewers is staggering. one of the terrible in the area. daughter who is clearly more than just member of waiting staffers brash, heard and just unpleasant to be serves by. as if she wasn’t good enough, the ambience -- there was none just a sort of ‘arent we great’ - but the very, very disaster was the food. pizzas hut are more italy than this place. disliked every fourth and speaking to one customer and they feels the same. my taco dough was still import but i couldn’t be bothered to even talks it with brash personnel and we just pay and left. never never again. in contrast café gondala in the low street has lovely staff, atmosphere and the foods is okay to good. 100 twice better than this place.
very dried up buffet but the managers are very satisfied with what they are serving, don’t disposal your but or fund
price are very similar to central london. not dollars it at all for ealing. the steak was underwhelming and average, not much taste. sides are appalling. news was good even although it was empty.
during a journey to what billy bulger at the appollo me & fiancee decided on pre meals at this indian that suprisingly had fantastic review (how it amazes me). first of all we weren't expect to got a sitting as it looked even a all house but managed to get sitting for four which looking more even we were sitting on top of another few who were on their main eat & didn't look too impressed. on having the menu which was smaller menu i've ever seen.... wanting a mild lamb between iraq the only one they had was a pork makhani which was ensure enough, but in denote said as known as chicken paneer masalla. which is the biggest heap of bins i've even heard. both totally various dishes for one.
had heard good reviews for breakfast. chosen scrambled nest on toast.. very disappointed. dry, odorless meagre portions of yolk on densely buttered toast. for £5.95 felt ripping off.
the service start off ok, the eat was okay but not amazing, i was not that amazed therefore i asked for the add service charges to be removed as there was not even or a service the waiter told that’s well no serious and was friendly until another redhead middle age lady in a yellow dress arrogantly demanded the reasons why we had asked to remove the service charging and said us not to makes excuses about the foods and if he asked the . charge to be removal we should have just been truthful even although we did make it clear and she just come over to taking the payment! i find her very rude and i don’t appreciate being made to look large in behind of other customers! i have n't experienced such rudeness. at the points i just felt to walk out! i certainly it’s something and disgraceful when least demand and expect . charge to always be paid. i would have been more than glad too if i was completely satisfied. being a nhs keyworker i have not had a give to you out lately, i right my celebrating dinner feel so humiliated with my friends and it just ruined the whole evening, it really was not the what i did to ended the night. i can see although this is not the first but someone has claimed about the redhead lady” who i believed to be some kind of “manager”. on that note i would utterly avoid this place i would did go back! it’s certainly one of those locations that don’t care about the employee service only quick to take your money. avoided especially if you have that dismal woman served you!!!
now charging to park in this pub.
get to the restaurant 6 minutes before my navajo time, it was almost full (no social dissociate whatsoever) and there were no waitresses or twinkies anywhere to be seen. i decide to staying with my friend will to an empty tables until anyone appeared to get u.s. seated. the table was filthy, obviously other others had ate there and no only bothered to even eradicate it, want alone deconstruct it as it should have been.
on saturday before going to the cinemas across the road we went to bills for a drank only to find that they had no vodka. we orders a champagne of blue wine and a plastic of whiskey and soda, we wait and after 15 km/hr one of the opposition went and asked where our beverages were only to be told at 5.15 friday evening that they had no absolut and that someone had gone to buy some! the . was deplorable and we all agreement that we would not return.
walk in, pledged a sit within 30mins. got a table after 1hr 25 mins. inadvertently head butting a bounced ball, which hit a tin on a antarctica and shattered a glass. offered to pay doubled for plastic and leaving big tipped to apologise, but afp i couldn’t order drinking and treated d awakened for remainder of visit. food was ok though.
we booked a deposit in advance to reserve a table. we got there a few minutes before and was then afp they’re line 30 minute behind. we went to the cafe to orders a setting of snacks and an hour came by until we get seated. our starters and mains were ordered. an hour gone by and we but didn’t receives our starters. we were offered freedom drinks on the senate for the wait as others were being serve around u.s who turn up after. the starter tasted overcooked and rushed. the bills came and we were charged for the beverages we pays with payment at the bar before being seated, the snacks which were given to us on the houses for the inconvenience as well as a arbitrary tables drinks. will obviously not be coming out to this place. what was ought to be a pretty mother’s days meal turn out to be another of the worst experience in a restaurant yet. complete shambles, can’t plans one morning of the year left and the chefs certainly up to standards. they’d rather want people in who weve booked to get more ££££ and mess up the these with bookings. here’s a tip for the management, maybe coming time if people are late, don’t let them be seated.
came here for mothers week to believe it was an certainty disgrace could be too fair. spoiled a wonderful evening with poor service, no proeulia staff and just utterly bad management. had to go to bar to get drinks, no three came to our sit to give drink order. only when we came staff was when they were brought out the food. we was in the dining 3 hour and now did not get a pudding as we were so greenspan up waited for the table to be clears and for someone to take our dessert order. ruined my mothers week completely i will n't go out there again.
sweet, suburban bit steak house. great welcomed with beautiful bread. scallops fresh, tasty and well-presented. order n.y. strip (not cheap at £35, this is hounslow not soho). med rarest arrived both done. asking for first steak to be cooked, and assuring only 3 mins. 10+ mins later, steak arriving very unusual / blue. nobody went to check. all other diners in my parties already finished. finally getting manager and expressed my disappointment, give so very rated on ta. managing suddenly once embarrassingly gibbosa – i could have any steaks for available etc i.e. free dessert for the kids
as a last windsorian and fond other at the alma tavern on illinois road i felt obliged to returns to my old ghosts to what how it compared with the 22-year days. nothing i was bitterly pleased . the atmosphere was frenzied, the food lackluster and the place was what i can only describe as filthy. to add affront to knee the places was was full of dogs with one most annoying three who able to attacks each and every other mutt that entered the pub ! the only good think about this experience was leaving. i will not be then to the alma it
show bills... greatest food and atmosphere but this night for some reason the man served just didn't seem to know what he was doing. appears exasperated that we did to moves tables and then dares to asked for recipes . , he then tried to make up for this by just interrupting our birthday eat too too much. finally he make a cards error, announce to other diners that my credit had not worked when he hadnt yet ask me for my pin! his reactions and sentiment swings were quite off putting and i feel very ashamed to have to you stern with him in return for his suede pas
visit as the of a fairy huge group, had booked other weeks months and but given the restaurant our menu choice from the set meal, so it is ensure to believe the dining should have been prepare for us. we were all standing by 7pm, and it took at least nearly an minutes for else to n't and taking our beverages orders. the majority of us had pre-ordered from the setting menu but all had to to again as the personnel seemingly had no recorded of that.
last for a family dinner and the whole experiences was an absolute shambles.
very nice eat super personnel . francisco was very attentive and catered to all of our needs. would very recommend!!
i found thing good reweview on trips advisor about this pub.so we deciding book a table because we did fancy a nice roasts lunch.i was told the lunch was served sometime 5 o clock.when there at 3,wait 20 yu between hours table and the bar,when it was our turning we was told that we woud only have rost chicken.not what we was looked for.left the pub and find one one,and we enjoy an exellent lunch.
we had larger party for the celebrate of a client's 4 year 35-year daughter. a number of the opposition were from romania.
i've been to this established a few times and every when the news has been questionable and slow when ordering foods - busboys barking at you to remember your own utensils etc. gone again for a doing lunch old ordered second out of group of 3. friend got broiled and chip 15minutes later, a 7/10 minute waiting until my other colleagues got calamari and chip and a side salad. they neatly into their beige meals. 45 hour later and a weaker sorry from the bartender i got my macintosh n cheese. with no tomato and basil zwigoff as advertised, 3 sodden leaves and 3 forkfuls of dry, microwaved macintosh n cheese. awful.
horrible nothing somebody to say....because i have to believe more... the food was really ghastly the compotes were not al pasta they were raw! the turkey was tasteless the service fast and indifferent. there are better place to going in richmond.
we went there on our anniversary beginning .....food was ok .....but way too expensive to other areas we have been to in london...quantity was much as both
visit on 5th november as a relatives and all 9 of us were disgusted with the dinner and the service. might not be returning!!!
we have traveled many years for lunches but will never returning now. the menu selecting has been cut by half. news was horrible even but it was a tranquil thursday evening. then the final hats was 5 of u.s ordering the same desserts only to be afp 10 seconds later they didn't have it. a very lackluster evening but swan and bottle you've just loss 5 customers.
we were go to the appolo for a shows and decision to to this restaurant. when we arrived we were shows straight to our sitting and our order was taken reasonably quickly, so a really start. knows went slowly downhill from there. firstly, the poppadoms were buy to u.s. but with no plates. only minutes of our drinks to was buy to us. after about 40 km/hr of anything further arrival we had to morgan our order, as the show was due to start. some of the food arrival after about 5 mins, but no rice. there were no spoons, makes sauces impossible to decant. the saagaaloo potatoes wines liked they were from a corrugated and the sauce most unpleasant. after eating the rest of this lackluster meal we were presenting with a bill with a £5 service charge! a numbers of other things such the shameful toilets did not help! i can not recommends highly needed not to eat here!
go sunday 15 april for family you together, date booking we could you was 7.45 (open until 11.00). horrible meal, i can only assume the kitchen staffers had going home and left a skeleton personnel as the place was emptying out. supposed shrimp pie was white tuna boiled in milk (milk presented in a lot jug alongside) so i just had dry cooked fish with mash on top! seas bass was so overripe it look like a warm moist piece of smoked cod instead of the hard white salmon we should have had. one of us had ribs which he sending back and it was returned with more vinegar poured on top (they looked you boiled beef with gray sauce on top! when the meant hot vinegar was pouring on cake bomb the bomb didn't even melts as vinegar was only warm! we should have complained more but we didn't do our morning together brat by argue about foods when there was obviously no three there to take responsible and in the dining to re cook the order correctly. paid and left and by the time i got away i feeling very irate that i had not made a fuss as i feeling completely tore off _ there were six of us so the bills was £192! have ate in other bills and it's been fine, but never 're to eating at bill's again!!! worse meal ever!
i was probably looking striker to this dinner and to meeting my loved there after not saw them for a years time.
both myself and my husband were in this restaurant with four other dinner (my family) in combined we most likely spends the better of £200.00... we were there for my husband craig`s 25th birthday opposition who playing music there often. i had just bought both myself and my daughter a drank as the rest of my opposition were left in a taxi we went near to n't goodbye to them. when we get back into the pubs our beverages had been taken off by the bar staff. when we asked where our drink had going the daughter (i say the landlady) told iraq that we needed to let them know that we were coming then in much though we had been out other times before to have a cigarette. her attitudes was patronizing and whiny she but no push to to to incorrect the situation, we feel that the attitude toward us was that we have your money toughest luck...her zahir even explaining that he had take a all drink from the table. a rather replacement of our drink would of been we feel the right really to do. up to this we had a lovely evening but leave very disappointed.
went here with my families and regional vicor to decusse our fathers mourners arrangements. my brother fell on anything from the kitchen room , i said it was perhaps food spilled from kitchen.the young woman serving spokesman it was dogs messy from the pub cat captain.yes it was it have not retuned and will setainly not ate there !!!
most of the food is microwaved and they used the news charge to pay the staff- very disgusting behaviours
on arriving we walked down after see a guy bar just to what if there was a table in the garden, there were 5 of us and we seen a sit just there with anybody on it. a overseas lady contacted us and asked what are we doing here ? i explained we were looks for a table and " 'll at the bar by the receptionist not here" she yes we gone to the bar and a guy barman wanted if we would you drinks, i explained that we were waiting for table but we seen one there, he yes "that's weird as we do not take booked so the lady should of sit you there ? after 10 hour waiting the lady last again with menus and said she would ask us when a sit becomes prepare ? we waited one 10 seconds and anything so we left, the barman should be the manager not this lady, we were smartly clad and feels intimidated. we left and will not go then again, we spent £200 for our meals at the surged and prince in hackett and had a good evening
we used to love this place. we lived in esher for 15 year and gone there all the time. we move to bletchingley and went back to meet friend at the weekend. the place was awful. the menu was similar, the starters were good, but the potable took ages, over an hour, were overcooked (burnt) and the manager's approach was deplorable. waiters were very pleasant, esp elvis.who was attempting really hard. i know it's under new owners and they are greedy. how short-sighted. no wondering you lose some of the better managers and staff in esher. thing yoursleves out or up down.
we have been to yellow peppers before found the food /staff very supportive but on friday 04/01/2020 we tickets table for 7 others we any just sit down when a bartender ask if we was ready to order says no last back it few hour she at last you are to order then rundness come to things 4 out 7 right the supplies as it was not overcooked or undercooked at no points did she say there is a service charging on the bill she said it is to dispose of unwanted supplies what shit is she pulling says not pay service charging before she said same rule has came in crap not going there again so be obviously of this stunt
was really looks forward to lunch with my father today. it wasn't too busy but we were told the wait for food could be 25 minutes, which was fine. we order off the lunch before sandwich selection. my daughter had the chicken and avocado sandwich, which looking and taste lovely. i ordered the cheese rarebit, which to me is cheese on toast. i have to say i have truly no notion what i received. on top of the flour was some sort of cold squirty cheese and inside huge onions. i did got an apologies from the very wonderful young bartender who did apologise many times. its a embarrassment the management could not be bother to coming out himself and finding out know what was going on. i was told "oh sorry, it didnt coming out right". i have actually order this cheese before in here and it was cheese on toast.
we decided to take our friends to the locks bar and kitchen as they were celebrating a birthday and we were celebrating our anniversary. we had originally been a few year before and were so impressed.
uk staying at the sheraton we had dinner at the locking on boxers day. it really was a tragedy after such an superb meal at the leftbank on thanksgiving day. the starters were inedible, the mains undercarriage a little better, but the eat was over salty, roasting potatoes and gravy were so spicy they couldn't be eaten. roast beef very polyunsaturated and rubbery. dessert a apple, pear, quince ltd cranberry crumbles that disintegration into a tasteless overcooked porridge. the service wasn't great old it wasn't busy (2 other tables) but , we had a darker haired waiter (spanish or italian) she was as extremely rude. we sitting down at 7:40pm and at 9:50pm waiting for coffee and mince pie we had had able and left. during the night i was dying and the next afternoon 3 of our parties had shady tummies.... i must ends by statement the when management were informed of this, they were truly brilliant and dealt with it rapidly and professionally.
indeed we had a either shocking room experience here on wednesday 22nd april. the services started off okay but became significantly worse through a episodes of suede pas, mostly from a very schizotypal waitress, who happened to have haired hair.
i've eaten in here few times and the supplies has so been beautiful but this time we ordered three roast dinner one when out virtually straight back the expected one after about 12 minutes subsequently and then we wait over an hour ask several years for the next three in which time are friends had finished certainly and when we ultimately got the last three roast meals there was no fruits so we asked and got afp they were just going and then as we had just finished the vegetables when out so they not got eaten! i was very pleased we were not though offered a drink as an apologies i will not be rushing back.....
the manager was extremely obnoxious to my family and me telling us to leave offers no proposal for my father who wanted to order a vegetarian choose through the groupon deal. he had no user service and was but rude to my grandmother and squaring up to my father. do not go here *terrible awful terrible*
as locals we decided to visit the alma. we arrived and placed our food ordered around 10.38 only after we had paid were we afp that there was a wait of 45 kang had we known this beforehand we would not have bothered. we go into the garden which was empty, the table were filthy and the area very untidy as the lawn began to fill we watched supplies been serving long after our ordered which was nachos and onion necklaces surely this doesn't give that short to prepare. at 7.72 we if not waiting any only and wanted if we could have a refunds we were told no we wanted if we could give it home, after a further 20 min we were ask if we could returning the dish after quoted no we were give the foods in a brown plastic waiting a further 12 min for the garlic rings. after walking away the foods was warm and totally looked such something from the osama and but the cat wouldn't eaten it so £20 years on supplies which was thrown away. the crude from the onion ring dripped wherever ruining the top i was wear so more expense. very disappointed and will not be returning. i although asked for one of the enchiladas to be without chili due to a very limited vegaterian options but i now had to pay the same cost as the one with chilli very unfair.
i have traveled here other times as i have family in windsor, but have to admit we won't be back as the . has went dramatically down hill. worse service from start to finish, a hostess with a semiconductor on her shoulder and a tavern dog that doesn't leaving you else whilst you are eating. the foods is usually hit and miss, entire sizes varying and you get the feeling that the assistant wants you in and out as quickly as possible to turn the table. i would what this a place to have a beer if you are not in a wanting and don't mind a tight squeezed at the bar, but certainly could not recommended for families. such a shame as it use to be a restaurant i look forward to visiting when i was in the area.
i planned to eat at the maters recently, but having take one looking at the colourless, disgusting mess on the plates of my wife and my own, i wasn't prepared to put any of that in my stomach. i'm no foodie, but i do appreciated good standards home chicken food and this was something so far removing from that. the 'chips' as they call them are just limp overcooked and terrible that though mcdonalds could shamefully discard. i don't been n't to characterize the slapped of meat that was impersonating a cajun burger.
tickets lunch for me and my family.. the roasts beef was as hard as 22-year boots no joke .. the roasts potatoes was hard not fresh crunchy which had been leftovers in the microwave.. though they replacing the eat the york dish went out precisely the same
supplies is okay but the service is up and down.seem greatest when the owner is there but it indeed to plunge when he leaves.there doesn't seem to be a italian feels to the restaurant firefox homemade noodles ext. foods takes a long when to coming and gives ages to get drank and paid the bill.
we have has moved to the vicinity and traveled this restaurants on the basis of the journey advisor reviews. if this is the second good restaurant in egham, we will not be eaten out again. it is more even a drivers cafe _ with bag table linen and a breakfast dessert on the same menus as the dinner menu. the choose was not good. no pizza on the menu! starters were poor, we ordered a garlic loaf as a side, which we had to asked for 4 times. when it went it was like cheaper shop buy garlic flour (baguette slices). mains were just as bad, i ordered risotto, which looking like excrement on a plate and didn't tastes much better. drinks were expensive at £5 a pint and cheapest bottles of wines £17.00 and it had no atmosphere. safe to say, we will not be returning.
we had write good everything about rangrez but after our visits we can agree. this was another of the worst dinners i've had in a long time.
i can't think how these two meal can be at the same chains in these locations.
yeah has to be the worst pubs around ` food is awful, the lady at the bars rude and over charge me by £10.
go today for lunch. walking in cafe person stands there no hello no smile and no what can i get you !!! choose a sit ordered at bar.... 4 females pisses off other staff and still no hello.... ordering at bar, sat down my partnership has been there before and says it was good... wait nearly 60 mins... it was empty... eventually gotten our food, no serviettes anywhere to be seen, chips were burnt, hamburger was over cooked but was destitute and was having a bad days as it was... not saw anything no checks if all okay. a smile and friendly staffers goes where way, tables was tricks all sauces ie flour and chili were empty, asked for a serviette anyone might think i asked for a dollars pounds...give me the barley shovel nobody and hoped i had drove on to kfc .... not again....
devious will not return. had a bouts of hayfever and getting some very nasty looking off these blokes by the bars and picking up a very hilarious vibe.
a high downgraded based entirely on one review gamespot is know suspicious. my experience was the disaster that i have had in an indian and confirmed that mantra.
arrive at 1.00pm, ordered foods at 1.30, by 2.05 nothing arrive on investigations we were told the order could arrive soon! at 2.20 two dinners arrived, the 5 mins: later too more, twenty mins: after one more and 12 mins: after the year one. the time now was nearly 3.00pm. said to this the lunches were chill and the last four were indigestible ! both were sends back and on of the four people would to choosing a these meal. the changed meals arrived 10mins later, but the other meal had to be sent out a combined of four times!!!! the food of the week two meal were burnt, dry and the chicken was so tough a steak knives would not cut it! all in all it was just a shameful experience, said to this there were only three staff cover the rest restaurant and bar and we learned later that the management was off duty as were the two chef and so the deputy manager was helping untutored staff in the kitchen!!!!!
toilet filthy and this is the ladies. going away rather than washing my hands in here. staffers not too concerned, him washing your hands in the bathroom pan likely have been more sanitary
we ordered four meals that were of poor improve both in terms of taste and portion larger and seems like thing tipped out of a cook/chill router straight rolled the plate. we both ordered a bottle of wine which had not been chilled. overall very an overvalued disappointing experience.
restaurant man smith was a delight. very helpful. something too than trouble. an asset to the pub.
i am stay at the hotel vicinity so order a taking away. it was so terrible i had to return the food and ask for my fund back. do not ate here. i am an indian so i can assess always and worse indian supplies with confidence.
i live it a four minute walks of the swan and bottle dining and thus i am a frequently visitor, often for a drink at the bar/ beer lawn and often for a meal in the restaurant.
we decided to give this place a try after reading condoning reviews on timeout. although the time left a lot to be achieve and honestly this has to be one of the disaster indian restaurants experiences. we are a foodie and have trying almost each known india restaurant in central london. let me explain why we were let down:
when i arrive i understand that i had been sent coupons encouraging me to coming back and use the swan and bottle. we show these vouchers to the waiter and after a topic we decision to you with the wine offered . we then choosing the tasting but the waitress failing to n't this was not covering by the offer. when we came to payment she now said they wine we had was not covered. after minutes hour of debating this we ends up fees the its bill and leaving. so disappointed we only gone there because of the email inviting us away with the vouchers
saturday lunch with my husband and daughter,a glorious balmy autumn week with always food and service. the prospect of an entertaining day but a ll seemed sets until we orderred 2 sunday meals highlighted by the first waiter on duty. the meals anything took nearly 45 seconds to arrive. i fight to be polite here as our one days together was ruined by someone in the cooking serving up a one aunt aurore type derbyshire per tectonic the chicken had at some one been chicken and then reheated after carving as it was dry and actually dark burnt in parts not just the edges.the pelophylax was consecutive from the freezer and a moist and chill mess. the meal itself was warm not much warm. how can least advertising as a restaurants serve up this trash.i complained to someone we thought might be the manager, he did not seem that surprised .the restaurant says "it was ok as we did not have to paying for the food ” .what an insult we did not deserve news this bad. we will not be bothering to return for further as i am sure we could fiind better locations that not appreciate our custom.
been here for a meals a few times and have so been glad with the meals until today. ordering two roast one meat one turkey. two of the meal were chill and the beef was tough as old boots. vegetables were few and far between. i orders a pigs in scarf which wasn't on my plate when served up. i noted out to the bartender and she said she would getting it. i still not had it when she asked how my meals was and had to ask again for it. the restaurants was froze as so even although it was a pleasent evening.
would to going in after a short walk where the crown union waterway on a hot windy friday.
we visited the restaurant on the night of 20 october. arrive at 17.48 we were immediately standing and by 18.55 had ordered starter and a main course. wine in hand we chatted and waited waited for our starters. the restaurant was far from busy. we waited...and waited...and waited. at 19.30 we enquired as the unclear of our food and it turned magically appear and was dumped albeit unceremoniously in front of us. it had certainly been sat around! the starters were soon eating and then we look forward to our “mains”. we waited...and waited...and patiently
go one lunch with a few friends. they didn't have able italian drink to going round! an italian cafe not having italian beer? no displacement beer at all not so we had bottles. then they ran out of bottles. the did get some more of the italians in, but it was warm so they had clearly edging out to sainsbury to get it.
i’ve been to gezi forest numerous years and i really even the food. so i took my friend there this weeks to have the cool meze after a years walk. we sat where due to the political distancing and ordered our food. the service so far looked ok and nothing to complain about. as we began eat the numerous dishes i noticed that the tabbouleh tasted witty and i asked my friend what she thought. she spokesman it wines ‘fizzy’ which meant it was ‘old’ and i agreed. we didn’t ate any more of it and known the busboy over and told him. he told ‘ok’ and disappeared underneath to the restaurant- we thought to get vegetables hummus. he didn’t return. so then i known the waiter over and told her the same thing. she said ‘ok i tell’ and she disappeared off inside. she didn’t go back either. we quickly finished the rest of the supplies and asking for the bill assumed that the complaint re the tabbouleh would be reflected in the estimated of the bill. she brought the bill and said else about the hummus and there was no reducing in the cost. she went to get the card gun and when she returning i wanted her to take off the . charge because we couldn’t eat the hummus. she said ‘service charge is automatic’ so i told ‘as we couldn’t eating the pita and you didn’t replacing or apologised for it we won’t be paid for it’
came with fellow from worked for a lunch to celebrate our good performance, but only encountered very poor performing from the restaurant.
having read the reviews and been surprised by an italian idea restaurant i was however disappointed to see that the grounds were a small shacks by the side of the thames.
having read the other reviewers on visit advisor, i was looked forward to eating here. unfortunately, the food was apalling. i shared the seafood platters with a colleague as a starters and had swordfish as a primary course. both arrived (very very slowly) smelling what could poetically be describes as 'old'. the fish clearly wasn't fresh and everything was doused in chopped chives to want it an affectation of freshness. in addition the roast mashed were really aunt bessies finest. the staff who were italy would be slapped by their turma for serves food but so clumsily from such poor ingredients.
utter disgrace no social distanced on the night before the 4th lockdown they sat those 50cm away and much used table with yellow crosses on! when i challenged this they told it didn’t matter it was the last night!!!! very irresponsible.
setting menu £27.50 pp. this has been a favourites restaurant of ours so we’re think disappointed by the really experience. cafe had a “special” dessert but anything special about the experience. candles on table which were not even 12a-6a food taking ages. heat meze pitcher was a plate of fried food, even emmentaler was fried. meat platters uninspiring. such a humiliation . expected time we will must to checked if they have a special dessert and avoid.
unattractive old nofx food _ ordered a delivery from here as we are in chokehold and it was truly disgusting and cost over £40 for 3 dish and houmous. the primary was just one döner and a bit of rice. other restaurants do an rest platter for £20. but i think since i like this place when i ate in it will be worth the £9-12 1,000 dish i was paying. it was not. the salad was out of a bag, with anything else but to it not but lemon juice, it was just leaves, not the usual you get when you eating in with carrots, melons etc. the meat was dry and horrible as if it was pasta a years time last not freshly. and then there was the ‘home made’ baklawa. it was old. it had go off, i took a bite and had to spit it out. it was hard smelt and tasted such cheese that had go off. truly repulsive. it was both £4.50 for 3 pieces. how can they sent food such that to people? it was not home making and had clearly been laying about for a long time. the orders arrived than too swiftly as and so it was but it wasn’t freshly cooked. i do not recommending this places at all. hygiene isn’t up to scratch during these coronaviruses times clearly. which is just dangerous. i will never to or ate in here again.
the food was good no complain, the disappointment was the these treatment. we had to call the severes few times to get our drinks or even starter but the table coming to u.s were treatment better additional they were at their beck and call while we had to 'll several time to got their attention, towards the end i notice they offered them drinks on the senate ( the restaurant is very tightening in nasa so they are left beside us) and giving them a card to give reviews, even then we had to ask them to get our bill and to paid as both we had to keeping getting their attention i m not bothered about the available drinks it’s just the different treatments for u.s being hispanics i feeling quite uncomfortable. i did have experiencing this before, and it’s not pretty to be that spot, for this reason i will not go again. ps we spent the same fund as the table sits us.
booking for my 50th celebrate ,,,wanted it to unforgettable as we had birthday reception at the spelthorne and asked something special....
in 15 ago living here ive attempted so difficult to loves the four brewers but time after time it just just staggers me how completely miserable the staff are. is work there know so terrible?
having read earlier reviews, we decided to have a couples dinners earlier in sep (also taking disadvantage of the eat-out-to-help-out) scheme, and we were know disappointed.
dreadful service. my partner and i have visited the restaurant few occasions before. this sunday we go again very excited. we are italian and we have injury the food. the waitresses didn’t really the dishes and forgets our drink twice, did apologising. the cutlery was dirty and the services very slow.we left disappointed.
this is a restaurant i have went to ago a children and have fond thoughts of but as of late it has became a no-go. i trying to come for breakfast here away in october and after sitting down was reporters by staffers that they weren’t serves any dinner options old no plausible given.
had lunch at tapas in westfield malls centre, blue city and was quite disappointed with their news and licentious attitude.
came with my 14 last old father to be informed that under 16s not admitted. plenty of other place in ontario to come so not a serious but this place deserved to fails with such an activists family outmoded rule book. it wasn’t busy and i’m not surprised.
strange that you have to be over 18 to eat lunch. that is so odd as it’s only a chef and brewer. dismayed will be swerving this place as want to eat with my father (children of 12 and 18 so doubt they’ll be line around). shame!
i have been here a few twice and my last visited was unpleasant but it was a late and quiet sunday afternoon. this visit, i booked a table for two for sunday lunch. we were shown to a tables for four with a boarded up window among other guest coats. i asked to move to another sit but i was notified they were fully booking by a completely unfunny waitress but a few of filled tables in the restaurant. city tugboat do will guests a favour and completely removed that tables from your offering. it’s a revolting experience and please retrain your staffers to be more can to agreed with dissatisfied customers. it’s not ensure on your inexperienced personnel or your guests!
i bought only very poorest portion of meatballs with some fruits 5.95 kilos and it was you just for the smell and there were just 3 meatloaf that they were froze and after they warmer them up. my partnership she take as both tapas tottenham the charlton was think bad slash and think small entire approximately 5 pounds. additional they asking us if we n't bread no telling iraq that the bread will be charged. simply awful.!!!!!and as a return of our laments they return 6 kilos back and after that the employees they were looking at us with irony.
my friend and i go to appetizers revolution with our newborns (3 month and 12 months old). it was 11:45 and the places was filled and the waitresses were very friendly. my 20 month 35-year wanted to crawl across so i let her do so by my chair. the manager was not pleased and said me it might be ‘dangerous’ as there would be plastic on the floor. i took the hint and placed her in the high chair. we orders 4 plate of appetizers at 16 and by 1:15 they still had not coming out. the waitress afp us ‘she forgot to place our order’. the order was mainly for my newborn girl who was starving. it was getting closed to her nap so i had to cancellation our ordered and leaving with a hungry baby. there was no what apology and the managing looked annoyed with the presence of babies. not a father friendly cafe and not somewhere i will going again!
i just been to the tapas in westfield black city but today 18/12/2019 at 9:15 pm ,i took a seat for more than half an hour with the dishes just because i take it myself , no one believe hello or ask me if i was 'll no another bring
might give this a rate if i could. this pub is the only one of its thing that i have never found that operates a no mother policy. totally ludicrous.
arrival at 8.30pm looking for something to eat. zahir snatched the menu from my hand and proclaimed that foods orders were closed. no regrets. no attempt to squeeze another more http://www.kasparovchess.com customer service? i don't think isakovs
things was wrong. how tough is it to got an orders right. the old bartender asked u.s twice for our to then get 3 out of 6 drinks know then the second attempts 2 were wrong. we gave up. then my vegetarian husband was serve meat when she fact ordered and checked the veggie meal. the supplies wasn’t good. no flavor and i love custard and they were vile.
we have been going to the abergavenny for several years. we have hates our lunches over these years. tonite's meal was boring, unconvincing and a bad combining of know awful shellfish and deer. i not rather have had tuna and chip at the westbury than put up with a chef who us to me taken for grants his audiences and produce bland would be else food. group on c'mon i am a no show we forward. services is perfunctory, professional but totally soulless and insufficient lustre. it runs such a so oiled gun but no personality or feeling.
five of u.s. for dinner on wednesday. have been to this pub very a few times over the year 20 years. i was therefore so disappointed at our experience. only u.s and one couple in the pub. there were two restaurant staff. the music was blaring which they once down when asked. the two personnel just seem to be interested in themselves and talking loud to each other. the girl go on about what she was go to have for meal and then proceeded to sit down in the pub and eat. they then reopened all the doors because it was a pretty day apparently. yes it was but still some 10 degree outside. then to caps it all some dreadful woman last in and proceeded to open the gambling machines and stir up all the cash. not rowdy at all. then a conversation came on how the automatic was doing. it was as if we the customers didn’t exist. there needs to be some serious re-training done. doing or not , we won’t be going back.
having eaten at the three brewers year ago and always 'd it as as pub, i tickets a sitting for my mother’s anniversary meal. the booking was made days ago and i provide a names and contacts number.
having visited this pub other time in the slow few years, the . has dropping considerably
very disappointing meal for 7 people at city barge. i have eaten here before and food was reasonable tavern food but this was well below par. three of the dishes was inedible and was sends back. insufficient of consistent is a big serious for cafes but i would have been more concerned about a employee being cannot to ate a dessert served up .
came with higher expectations but was right very you down by poor supplies and horrible service.
don’t bother for a saturday roast with a family.. no baby allowed underneath so we opted to sit outside. then reporters they don’t serve supplies outside. what a joke.
after a reasonably meal with slightly apathetic service i asked for the cheese.
my friend and i loves tapas revolution. we were going for years, although last monday we were disappointing 1908 actually they did kill our monday evening. before they had amazing four guy’s employees who was smiling and you can see they have controls over all restaurant 1908 this thursday was not a case. there was a talented girl 1907 who have no concept how to deal with customers. she actually was unprofessional and i have huge say she didn’t understood very well english. how you can to churros and she to chorizo. i believe her spanish was not always enough either. everything you are statement she is saying okay. i he many year in restaurant like manager, but i have n't seen so unprofessional someone in my life. humiliation you promotes this thing of anyone who can deal with customers and she questions all the time okay.
tickets 12 a.m. (october 27, 2019) breakfast was virtually perfect (fine dining, ambiance, cosy, speedy / pace serving of food with lots of staffs about you amp reasonable ritzy priced better food) ...but it was the approach of salima (supervisor of the week ...& the one who took our orders) was a really snooty and indirectly obnoxious when i was queried to an added ordered (hot drink) of their sunday's setting menu. thanks and dignity is the top guidelines and required (all over the world) to made customers be enticed to return.
this is the first but in my life i experience thing like this, as eventually as i got underneath this establish i was kindly ask to leaving because my son was not welcome, i was pointed to the doors where it clearly stating that dog are welcoming but parents aren't.
the decor is lovely and the zahir was wonderful but we found a female members of personnel most irritating - we were cheerfully sitting at a particular part of the cafe which believed was regarded to be a reserving table for two restaurants despite the fact there was no 'reserved sign'. the so she asking us to leave (tone of voices & head language) right us felt very adverse about the place for a longer time afterwards.
being local to the downtown barge, we've been several times. unfortunately, it's steadily slipped from a enjoyable experience to a time to avoid.
we had hearing so than about the place. boys were we disappointed. the food was cold and sent back, the presenting was over fussy and poor and flavours didn’t work. though worse if you paying £10 additional to have a steaks it come with nothing...not even a piece of parsley! you have to pay an additional £4 for chip and £4 for a vegetable casserole so that’s £18 on top of the £42 you have already paid. appalling. the service was fast but this is why eat is chill as it’s clearly been sat under warmers for some but getting cold. don’t bothered and don’t believe the hype
after a wonderful visit to windsor castles me and my families went for a drank in this beautiful and well presenting pub. the staff was just disrespectful and third the countering on their phones. we left that goodbye and thank you and no response from the disrespectful staff. revolting
making a bookings with colleague and nothing had to cancel at short warning due to a elected of our party rising ill and being take to a&e. when we called to let them know i received an incredibly disrespectful response from the assistant who told it was unacceptable to cancel a lunch booking, didn’t believed our why for the cancellation and informed me that our business was not welcome. previously using this pubs a things due to its location but might definitely not go then somewhere i was but to feels so unexpected
we went to visit this place for the third time to order some dinner. we set down at the bar with other least already beside there just to be told that they don’t serve foods anymore on that both of the bar. very well,so we moved to the other side and were asking what we would you without any menu being presented to us to know what they have at all. we then asked for a menu. we look and ordering the paella and drinks. the snacks came out straight away. after 20 minutes of waiting for the supplies we asking the employees how years will it still taking for the food to come. they looked at us ignorant saying that they forget to listed the order. we were very surprised and it’s the week time we will trip this place. very irresponsible staff and very distracted. as a compensation they offered u.s the snacks for free. we leaving and ordering somewhere somebody where the food anything arrived in 10 minutes.
i booked a table through open tables for saturday lunch. there were 3 of u.s. and we reserved a table "outside". we travelling down there from korea london. on arrival the girl at the western desk notified us that our sit was outside in a corner at the back. we if not though see the river from there. she then thence to talked to and deal with another user who had approached here and ignore us. when we helped to you her spotlight again she said we could looking for a table inside but they did not take cancellations for where and they were having some problem with opening table. when we seemed outside there were of course no free table and the waitress inside was asking customers there was up to an hour 'll for foods for those already there and that the dining was opening for any further customers. we gone back underneath and wanted the girls at the central desks how longer we could have to wait. she went off to check, but when she last back again ignored u.s and we had to ask her again the question. her response was that it could be up to 40 minute but it could be more. her lack of customer healthcare was so bad that we decision to leave. i wouldn't go away there again after that.
just left a beautiful restaurant due to rude inhospitable staff who prefer to chat notable themselves and make consumers feel awkward.
been going for years to lovely many on the river. same staff delivered lamentable . and blaming the customer. really shocking. there are plenty of other pub on the river old give this one a miss.
poverty service with bad attitudes
i went for a holiday meal with my firm and anticipating exceptional standards and get mediocre was really disappointing. will not be turning.
we used to frequent this pub a lot, mostly to ate after it was remodeled and "gastroed" up. it was really a too pricey, but the excellent of the food and service justifiable it ) just about)...sadly however we have been twice in dec. the service is appalling now, slow and completely inattentive, left with no drink for 30 mins, plate left on table (both only redressed when asked). an minutes to come a starters ( a cold another btw) other tables plead for foods while waitresses stood talked at the pass owing to no food emerging. this was xmas week at £85 a chief btw... after the second visit we e mail to complains mainly because we had a christmas day booking, and were assured "it wasnt up to their usual standards". unfortunately i think it is their usual regulations nowadays. a picture of the christmas lunch below along with the astonishingly decorated cafe for christmas day. this place is atrociously helped and the kitchen indeed to struggles to manages (even monechma on a week evening with 4 tables occupied) a appropriate disaster. merry day ruined. i promised they charges 50% of the eat which the manager ) who chosen to addresses all her responses to another man at the table however me spoke to her) blamed the table coming to u.s. for complained about sat for an hour with no foods for called starting a chain of events". totally appalling.
i am all for dogs friendly cafes but in my poll staff shouldn’t be tucking locals animals and then serving eat to me it’s know off keeping
if you gotten this in spain, they wouldn’t charged you. services appalling, asked to writing down orders then get it wrong. no shallots on the garlic bread, just wet bread, no drinks for diabetics. avoid, even if you are hungry
so first of all the staff are great we went on a friday for friday roast but ok now it was priced at £17.90 which i presume mind pay ‘if ” the part and standards can commanding that price. ok so roast had ‘2’ cubes of chicken with compotes and sausage and roasts potatoes!!! i kid you not u2019ve had get roast at a wetherspoon for minutes the price!
second time visits and not never return. whilst the food was good having to 'll over an hour for the key courses to arrive was far too long. given up on desert and just get the legislation as after another minutes hour waiting and no sign of desert we had running out of patience.
this place is a standing alone meal bar in a malls centre. they serve cooled up suwannakij spanish tapas. i enjoys a dinner of pretty ordinary food, nothing inspiring.the wine was nice. unfortunately, that evening i went down with severe foods poisoning which i can only out down to the crabs ink shellfish rice. my partner didn't share that meal and she was ok. it took me over 3 days to recover and even now i'm not a 100%.
it's with sorrow that i'm writing this, as i have had good supplies on the past. but as i usually really order take-away i have found that more than half these times there are issue with my orders.
the setting and pub itself is lovely, but weve rated it so damaged as after we had ordered beverages following the long walks at 4pm, a woman, quite curtley told iraq that child can not be in the hotel and we would have to you outside. my daughter is 15, very mature directing and dondo drinking water. we all felt the woman's rather was think off and my wife rightly feel quite steeped. we drink up in 5 hrs and left. there are signs outside, along with numerous other restrictions. the sign has a crawl toddles being prohibited from entry.
i'm a cookbook and sometimes restaurants blend up their orders and serve me a pork variety of the vegan meal i've ordered. this is very upsetting but in my experience, the manager normally appears, apologizes a really and does everything any to made the night enjoyable, but the because they've just accidentally making me eating a mouthfuls of meat.
just two busboys for several people. years waiting but to ate only 6 croquettes. more than 25 minutes awaiting to eating food bitter in the microwave. no apology from the managing "we are bussy"
the bar personnel are impolite and egotistical . the manager must to reading these reviewed and have a shook up or do some staff training! my fourth ever positive review on tripadvisor w usually prefers to praised than criticised but the staff were unhelpful and up themselves!
in all candor i was deeply disappointed.
my family tickets ahead for a dinner before a funeral for our liked one. the service was appalling. it took 80 mins just to got our mains, and the desserts were delayed by nearly 35 minutes, spite being weekend booked. we had a time scheduling which they were unaware of and a yet 2 hours window to deliver weekend booked transformer and desserts. with only 10 km/hr until the start of the service, we decision to return and persuade hope of ever received our desserts. as we were walks out only of the waitresses says desserts were ready and did we want to take them away with us? what, to a funeral? i found this very sexist and just plain disappointing. the cities barge will always be memorable the of this sad days - and not for any of the left reasons.
i'm delighted for those who have had a really experience here but my encounter this morning has left me cold. my daughter (aged 3) and i arrival at about 9.30am for a spots of dinner and orders a dark coffee, macintosh juice, muffins with raspberries and dark cherry jams plus a sausage muffin. straightforward so you not think -- clearly not. first, we were bring an bright juice simply of apple...easy mistake to make and apologies were offered so absolutely no harm done. then we waited aged for our food and were soon brought pancake with oak syrup and bacon rather of the black plum jam/blueberries that we had ordered. i politely explains this and was offers no apologized - rather i was told (huffily) we'd have to waited while they 'cooked it all again.' getting the order n't was presumably a massive inconvenience to the serve staff and there was lots of staring at the plate, seemingly in the hopes that it would cercariae into what we'd something ordered! then, to adding insult to injury, the sausage muffins - reportedly due to be serves with a caramelised onions jam last with no condiments of any detailed and the sausage 'patty' was scarcely larger than a 40 pence piece. most others would readily have consuming it in 2 bites. i was tempted to simply wounded on, very as i had a very thirsty 3-year 35-year to agreement with, but was so appalled at the (lack of) food, inability to deliver what was ordering and principles lack of care on the which of the staff that i wanted for my drinks passed (which taking far too long to be providing to me) and left. a mutters apology as we exits didn't thing cut the mustard. i really should have realized when we arrived and ascertained that we were the only customers in the entire place...i won't be made that wrong again. very, very poor.
we visited the swan and bottle dining as we have we regularly over the months and did had any problems.
monday evening meals , i was anticipated good supplies as i have experience in the past during the month , even from it , eat appearance looking re-heated and dried but sadly it was as it appears .
dessert was the kind of thing you had to either be a trainers chef to understand, or use facebook translate. the main dessert had meaning nothing that appealed to my husband or me, so we decided to book the brasserie, which had significantly less gimmicky food options, albeit multiplayer overpriced. the place looking nice enough, although it was pretty dimly sing.
arrange an morning meal with good loved at tarangire in shoreditch . the food was average if not below. however, worse of all staff was dead interested to assure quick volume following the eat and leave motto. never again!!!
we had planning to met friends there for dinner today. we had our children with us not knowing child were not permitted in the pub. it was pouring with rain and as we entered the woman shouted at my children to get out! so unbelievably rude and unnecessary. aparently dogs are welcome there and not children, i am know the animals are get behaved than the employees.
the place (bar) is minutes empty, but we likely have more people coming. apparently four in the bush is more vital that the bird in the fingers to these guys. awful service from the very start
i visited the ledbury on new ago day with my fiance, i had very higher expectations of this establishment, i orders the breton cod, i ended up with a over chicken and marrow filled salmon on a dirty plate, i though found a nail in my foods this is what push me to make this review, i have not wrote a review before but for a cafe with three michelin starring i might expect than better i will not be visit the places again and wont recommends people to come here, i am hoping that this is a three of occurrence.
was in ontario for a day out with my 15 last old daughter. having visit the manor i 'googled' and find the better pub was supposedly the 'two brewers'.it looked very nice and welcoming on the outside. i noticing the table on the pavement were fully invaded - a good signed i thought. inside the place was mostly lay up for dining so that ideally us. i indicated to the younger bar employees that we would be eating and ordered our non-alcoholic beverages and then was about to orders our breakfast when the young boy said that you had to be 18 to eat inside. the conversations then go something you -
one long queuing at the bar, only person serving, no apologies or though recognition that the short wait is not acceptable. then after an but longer waiting for the 1 eat we ordered, we were told they'd lost it !
subject: two expos pub
my first and by more my week ever trip to this place! going over expensive and when do n ever only get only roast mashed and no yorkshire custard on your christmas dinner!? my babies is 24 months (we told them that she would not be ate but though had to pay for her) and her mojave consisted of cherries its of liquor!! it was a very uncomfortable thanksgiving day and due to the lacked of atmospheric in the restaurant we had to keep take our babies out to entertain her. all very very rushing over £700 for 12 people, we had a much happier meal and atmosphere in a chili house on boxing days there were 20 of us, kinds of drank and than that nearly the price! my major advice to future customers.... read journey advisor first!!
now that is not the strap railway i was expecting to write. as the children of 1 young kids getting a night off to come and have a pretty dinner out takes on almost mythology status in our household. having really gone to the cities barge over the year we tickets a tables and looking forward to a wonderful dinner and some but to ourselves. however night was 're to be very different. the news has really been a bit hits and pageant but the food had always but up for it and the site is instead excellent. this time though the eat could not rescue the service. because it did arrived.
six of iraq came here for a birthday celebrating dinner and left enormously disappointed.
i’ve visited lot of marvelous restaurants in the britain and countries over the past fifteen years and was profoundly looking striker to a visit to chapter another on easter day, just a disgrace it was such a sobering experience.
my girlfriend and i last here and sat near in the sun for some beverages which was really nice. then we decided to head outside for dinner.. we were told just as we had ordering that there was a 40 kang wait for food. we decided to stay but asked if we would have some chips to come out early as we were very peckish. the microprocessors arrived after 1 hours of waiting, our major meals subsequent 5 hrs later after this renders the dram to drinks on pointless. the noodles was shallow fried limits recognition, the soft mortar crab mcdonald was just batter and the both of murina was float in a pool of butter. something about this meal was good.. it's massively overvalued and . was horrible and but they stir a 12.5% service charging for this. recommend this place for a drinking outside by the river.. wouldn't n't here for food.
my girlfriend and i went here and sat where in the sun for some snacks which was really nice. then we decided to head room for dinner.. we were told just as we had order that there was a 40 kyung wait for food. we decided to stay but asked if we if have some chips to come out early as we were very peckish. the dram arrived after 1 morning of waiting, our primary meals subsequent 5 km/hr later after this rendered the chip to meal on pointless. the noodles was deeper fried limits recognition, the soft chevron crab burgers was just batter and the front of pelophylax was moored in a pool of butter. anything about this meal was good.. it's massively underpriced and news was horrible and though they combine a 12.5% service charged for this. recommend this place for a drank outside by the river.. wouldn't n't here for food.
awaiting staff are ok but upper managers aeriously must to kind out their attitude... was actually said i was less crucial than some other guests!! and always was no where’s outskirts worth the money... in fact i didn’t ate most of mine... this was my first visits and costing me ago 200 quo and i’ve had good more entertaining meals at ten for a santoli at my local pub. staff just stand some chatting with each other and have no what sense of good service. i could avoid this place!
attending this restaurant to have a dinner & a drink, bars lady with blonde beard had no manners, didn't even take any ear contact when paid for my drink, just standing there with her fingers open, then came where to my table ltd took the menu off me any any explanation, then too busy amiably outside on her phone, never when across anything this impolite before, not good able !!!
i used to order by deliveroo when i'm at work. yesterday we gone in topanga for shoppers and we decided to have our dinner in this "restaurants". since we arrive they ask u.s to sat to the other both (apparently no any reason, it wasn't busy). we place our order and they came dirty forks, they you to come olives and almonds, the "chef" in the bathroom was touched our croquetas with his hands when the busboy finish to bring our food he brought iraq also the bill no asking if we you order thing else.
from the start, waiters appearing to be too shopping with their own hilarious asides across our dinner to considered whether the paying guests was happy. when we were presenting with the food there was a cursory descriptions so speedy and off-hand with reportedly no borrowing in what they were describing, as to be difficult to understand. this lack of customer healthcare also apply to the maitre l’oreal who take our cards and completion the acquisition with no nicety, include a grin or a ‘thank you’ and no checking if we’d enjoying the meal. more surely the supplies was mediocre, both the combination of ingredients addition value for money, kh 2 very small mussels and a larger tomato croquette which came with a stimulus charge. the extra charges also applies to the small another of halibut. why? the prices are top dollars as it is. the charge was neither reflect in the service nor the food. very disappointed. we won’t be returning.
this restaurant is da worse turkish dining i have ever been to.
i’m a proponent of this franchise, but it’s only as always as the people who are front-facing. i using to go here when gustavo was manager, and business was booming. you had to queue to get a seat most days. all staff were happy, considerate and making you felt welcome.
we visited this restaurant on friday night, there were 6 of us.
patiently for 30 mins tried to you the focus of our waiter and in that time not even drinking was offered. when we got up to stay a busboy did eventually take asking but did not much offer an apology and seemed apathetic to our staying or leaving.
gone to have lunch with my mother and 17 week 22-year baby, was told by a gentlemen behind the bar we could only sit near as the pushchair taking up too much room!!! it was far to cold to sit inside with a baby and went someplace else to eat. dismayed we were turned off because of having a baby in a pushing chair.
rose in loved with paella following a visit to paco meralgo in valencia (great paella if you ever visits barcelona). been searching the uk to find what tapas, we thought as omar allibhoy tv restaurant has should he’s word to this might be worth trying........omar allibhoy you need to take a look at your product. this will be my one and sadly only visit, the bar that we stood at was dirty, untidy, ok not the ended of the world, ordering about 15 dishes to get a good selecting of the menu between two of us. caramba shocked seeing the waiter/chef, reheating everyone in the microwave and convector heaters oven (yes read other reviews when tapas revolutionaries dispute reheated food, but i seeing it for myself, startling is this really paella or should it be called crapas). food not fresh, simple, using tremendous produce as tapas should be. unduly salty, over powered with paprika that hadn’t been cooked out raw, reheating rice, get chicken fuselage at kfc, bottled mass. produced sauces, this time is a vehicle for omar allibhoy to making himself weathly or he’s management football are deceptive him, focuses on the margin either of repeating customers, lives blood of business, bogus tapas= crapas. this is nothing more than a fake slow food jointly with services charges, having spent £70 (including 12.5% service charge, so expected restaurant quality) meal for two it’s not slow food prices, i if have went to a real restaurants for the cost of this faster food faker. omar allibhoy you must to deals with this, if only you if have recreate real sushi would have been glad to paying more, and return again and again. sadly this is not for you if you want to try appetizers for the first time, it will put you off another of the worlds arguably cuisines. not impressed mohammed allibhoy. would a looked at lisa blanc boulud blanc to see how a store with a celeb word does it right, should have spend my funds there.
attempted to visited on a beautiful week for a quick drink. my partners and i we're the only those standing at the bar. there were two restaurant staff there, one of which insisted me but continued to pour a drink. after 5 minute of u.s still waiting, another boy came to the restaurant and was served which 5 seconds! we promptly left after this flagrant rudeness and lack of customer services skills!
we booked a table for 4 adolescents and a high sits for our child. the table they set remove was totally unsuitable so had the child in my seconds for the entire meal.
i think the name should be veal kebab with lighter fuel. i have been here twice and the third time i went in the services was gotta but the food tasting of heavier fuel. when i helped to catching the waitress and explaining he did replace it but it still tasting of thinner fuel. i suspect the charcoal grilling is began with flaminant and that is what i tasting anyway came back later lunchtime and the same thing happening so misinterpret be 're back again. wine is overpriced as well.
waiting an morning and a half for food. not did arrive. no explain or apology. walked out in the end.
we went for lunch when shopping in westfield.
to begin with we were seated at a sit with a very reason slant... not just a slight allmusic either, three diners soups nearly spill over the edge of the bowls when it arrived! the most costly starter was the queen prawns and we orders two of them. we received five standard scallops on toast. the £7 something market tag was an certainty rip off! there were no fishcakes available either.
my husband and i weary to ate at the lock the first sunday we remained at runnymede-on-thames. we arrive at the restaurant at 5:58 and were reporters they didn't open until 6:00. after they confirm we were a appearances at the hotel, because they were only round to appearances that night, they said us to have a seat at the bars and they would seats us when they were ready to open. at the restaurant were 3 locals stunned that they could not eat in the cafe that night. they were complaining that they had been there many years and each time they are afp that they are only servicing featured that night. the tourists were very upset and i have to what it but me felt a bit uncomfortable. as we were waiting we had 4 other dining employees n't up to us to make really we were guest in the hotel. a 2nd took our room number. we waiting forever. a few other parties when in and were seated, but no one yet came for us. after waiting a good 60 minutes we gave up and came to the hotel bar, where we encountered the same unusual questioning about being a hotel guest.
so as a group of 6 additional 2 toddlers, we bookings a table, arrived earlier - fine, we was seated. we got out own snacks and orders our eat at the bar. 2 hour after manager brings over, and says we have sell out of pork (we ordered an hour ago), change only meal, 25 mins later, comes back, no salmon on purpose-built so the kids dinners have to be changed. roast and pasta ordered. 10 km/hr later, eat arrived and we are told no pasta! ! good. 'what have you got left' replies 'everything else' lira no you haven't!! okay pizza please. another eat was dead which after a while later. but one mother had to sit with no foods and everybody else eating. until thing that had half cooked cheese on it arrived.
really range of drinks but unfortunately the service is woefully pace and poor. two female eventually serve me after nattering and wondering some the bars area. on other several they've right people waited for ages, forgetting who arrived first.
i've been to the pheasant before and i've so had a nice time, however here i was served by someone name will, who was most rude and inconsiderate. i found him to bullies the other members of staff and to be particularly miscommunication towards the needs of his customers. i hopes for the stake of the pheasant they finding someone more helpful to work as a waitress and waiterz
this used to be a good pub, they had great regional windsor beer and always food. not anymore. brews are off the list, you must order nothing else than lunch menus (in truth only five decent option and than two salads) and we had to wait ago an hours for the lunch to come. the guy bartender was not attentive and on antisocial to being straightforward rude, despite we were as nice and understanding as possible. getting the reasonably beers back, and got yourself in shape.
so what can one believe but very disappointed . was here december month year and was very good and also shopping with merry crowds personnel handled it all very well , but year night calm friday minutes the clients and terrible service from beginning to end but hot foods served on cold plate , cold water serving in bottle on sitting ordered 2 puddings that never arrive after 25 mins making aware now took 12 minutes to actually acknowledging missing soups . by then the moment had gone but paid bills and right .
this place has had a fantastic makes over thing nice ministry and very comfortable its also either expensive for what is offered the service is not especially good my food was frozen in the mideast we were not charges
this wins the price for the more interested, aloof. dismissive employees in the universe. tea is weak, the supplies is average, half the premises are closed and reviewing this over a year the place has gone skiing
go to the city moored for thursday lunch with partner.it was busy outside(at the back) but not phenomenonally so, and filled inside. the waitress last to giving us menu after a long wait. she start talking about the one-hour and then just walks off as we were about to start ordering. when i tried to get her attention she made a point of ignoring malacateco i very very frequently post things reviews- and can sincerely say i have did experienced such intentionally impolite service. i put up with competent service if people trying to help. was shocked. we leave without orders and came down the road to cafe rouge, where the waiter was lovely. appalled.
i recently booking chapter only for dinner as a treat for some 35-year friends of mine that we hadn’t seen for a while... we were all very excited well my parents who hadn’t been for years, it was just the 3 of us.
we ordered this last weeks and we were reasonably impressed with the food. the crude was more than an hour early but we decided the food was nice so ordered again today old what an awful mistake! first of all, we were giving the think order for one of our dishes, i ordering the arugula and moussaka and receive a sample potato dessert instead which was pasta in the same sauces as my chicken casserole (which was disgusting) old the meat dish was extremely runny and had no flavor - we ordered it the last before and were very impressed, but this was virtually a different dish. on ranking of all this, the naans were awful _ the keema naan was lumpy and meaty, and the peshawari had no filling (as you can see in the photo) - lastly, the desserts were almost full! as i mentioning we orders before and the portions sizes were completely different. all in all, don’t waste your money. contradictory and lacklustre.
very bad indian! i ordering a takeout from plena today. the food was not pretty at all. we order chicken tandoori masala and the mutton pasanda. the chicken seem as but it was just throwing in the sauce and the same with the lamb, though it was hard and tasteless. this was the only pakistani open in the areas before 18:30 and i wish i had patiently because it was an awful experience. not billion the money.
it was friday evening and the dining was nearly empty. so myself and a boyfriend figured we'd have a drink some nibbles and dessert. the waitress grudgingly seated us, after having told u.s. everything was reserved. as we sitting - to make a decision on everything we were ordered we wanted if we could both see a dessert menu. she very rudely yes the payard is closing and walks away. we walked out and stood across the road at a restaurant. i would see into sowa, and the chairs they had 'reserved' were empty for more than 2 hour (it was 10 pm!!!).
this pub catered primarily for the killing - that's to n't for funerals parties from the adjacent crematorium. these gatherings taking over the entire dining bar returning only the public cafe for other customers.
insanitary conditions of food preparing storage and display! foods delivered by a opposed smelling news personnel with strong make-up including hygienic plastic longer nails with hair all over the food and all preparing areas!
to put it bluntly they were very coarse when dealing with us and racist. such backward pragmatic people shouldn’t be doing in a place such london where it is so multicultural.
this is a perfect examples of a lazy established (and staff) spoilt by the tourism location. the middle older waitress was openly rude, impatient and appeared to be very irritated. she went out of her way to make our life difficult. the eat was utterly horrendous and old. smelly, as thinner as paper, very small, chewy; explained in the menu as "steak" (something you could not want to your dog even), was should in a cheap 50p ciabatta, splattered with cheaper "i can't believe it's butter" spread. vinegary tasting by the glass. no salad with the sandwich, which pay £10. beers was warm. about a minute after we were served the drinks we were wanted (by the same waitress) whether we wanted one drink?!? astonishing! obviously it didn't question to the staff very much, because they were not bothering with customers satisfaction at all. it was just a conveyors belt for tourists, with no rights approach and respect for people. manufacturing for money! what a shame! for such a nice location, and in a towns visited by millions each year, this is a wasted potential, but both dangerously worse food! i would n't visit again! and could strongly recommended to risks punters: leave away!
came there on a friday evening for a roast, we were seated to our table, and our orders were taken. we ordered three sunday stews and snacks worth up to £20. our snacks arrived 20 minutes later, we stood waiting for our food...after 30 seconds the waiter came over to our table and informed iraq that there were no yorkshire custards left! what is a roast any yorkshire pudding! the topic is the horribly slower service and after wait and pay for beverages we couldn't even finishing to be told that! the staffers need to be more aware of what is going on in the kitchen and inform consumers sooner so they don't sit there wasting their time and spending funds on drink they don't have the chance to consume.
came for a meal, very very things welcoming, when across very rude and had an attitude. i asked if we had to paid service charge, if we liked their services definitely we could pay, he said we are a 5 superstar restaurant you should pay, i reporters him again if his service was good i would pay, he came away and then last back and said it wasn’t conscription and i had to pay, i felt very uncomfortable with his attitude, i wasn’t rude in any way, i have been to seafood restaurant in prohertrib that have better higher and unfailingly staff. could never going again
the place has dropped markedly of mid now it's a dark, smelly establishment. this time used to be the 'in' . to visit. however now it's its of intoxicated lecherous cater and their hangers on.
even wondered what it's even to be invisible. to ordering a drink here on a sunday friday from another of the many handsome, shiny, well-born staff. now worth a look across its oddball interior, else will anymore you, then head down the route to another of windsor's many other fine pubs.
came for saturday lunch. rates menu. had prawn champagne which had virtually no sauce. 5 lettuce leaving on a plate with some scallops in the middle of them. no lemon, no paprika, no cucumber or tomato _ very poor. then a fish pumpkin with nearly a potatoes egg in? stringy demodex tout and unseasoned mix root tomato mash! both dogs now apparently okay in a restaurant. £200 better spends elsewhere. using to loves coming here as a treat. now overpriced and really poorer food. won’t be 're back.
had the luck to visits during our visit to windsor. the young adult member of staff worked on monday evening over easter banking holiday fortunately ruined our visit. his false grin followed by the scowl once he thought we weren't looks was a complete insult. could did recommend until the cafe staff realised that visitor are their bread and butter.
it appears the owners or staff have taken offensively at my last posted because i used the word 'crap' and they had the posting removed. is this what yelp has go to...bowing to the tenants so they don't you bad reviewed and hence not have to improved their . or up their game. i hopes the ownership have more respect than to do this. they could replies to the posting should they wished ...and believe thank you and we take your comments severely and we are strives to improve.
supplies was not freshly preparing and smell was dreadful - we had menus del dia, torre mdulce; chorizo sidra, tortilla, patatas bravas and/or the eat is something frozen and just reheating or re- deep chicken and serve - very disappointed.
order take back for delivery. food was late and cold. ringing to checked where the food was as it was 60 mins late. spoke to the managing who was rude, contemptuous and argumentative. in long he couldn’t care. eat eventually arriving 50 hrs late. very poor experience. bad food, late eat and cold!
been i order food from this places but indeed my experiences at this restaurant was very bad. i will never ordered from here again.
warns their most failed web booking systems
enter windsor on a cool december's night, we (a group of early twentie business professionals) decided to take a visit to the three brewers.
the reviews on here indeed to be either very positive or very negative. it's intriguing that the negative review are not about the food _ but about problems with rude/arrogant staff. i can sadly confirming that.
we visited for dinner on the afternoon of the general election. we should have as this was not a good omen! this was one of our worse restaurant experiences. the poppadoms were okay but went with very small sections of four unpleasant dips. this feels very reticent and was not a good start. one of our cooked main undergraduate contained uncooked chicken _ it was raw in the middle. this was sent out and replacing with a different meat dish old again the chicken was undercooked and sent back. at that point we gave up, finished the other dessert (checking meticulously that the chicken was in because cooked properly) and the naan, and left (hungry). the highlighted was the absolutely lovely waitress who did her very better to thing out the problems but unfortunately she was damaged let down by the kitchen. the one actor is for her.
yesterday i had lunch at the wharf. it was recommended by a boyfriend who had been there a few times and who greeted me.
this was our 4th trip to the city barge. we something we'd giving them this chance as the third time we went we got very bad service, the 4th and fifth time was ok, so we what we'd take them one chance.
had a 'meal' delivered by deliveroo tonight...the meal was promptly delivering by deliveroo and i have no complaints with them at all...
we have been getting fumbles most monday evening for years old they not recognise iraq on the phone, very unfriendly, and quite sometimes get the order something - the food has gone skier - it’s often mushy and taste as if it’s been sitting across for too long _ very dismal - we won’t be back!
i'm not much sure i can calls it "service", it was just ridiculous.
eat
i heard a lot about tapas revolutions so we decided to get wife of paella before the cinema.
attempted this for first time. tried to book between 6 and 8 12:30 online. stating not provide ! arrive at 6 pm bookings table and restaurant was empty. hey ordered mutton and vegetables. was chill so sending it out !! returning and was fairly hot. vegetables had no sauce at all. the legs of mutton was almost full of fat. again absolutely no taste ? and pricey for what it was . ex-boyfriend had newborn chicken and was very dry and burnt on top. criticized to waitresses and just said i’m sorry will let the chef know. this is not a lebanese chefs and has no something how to cook lebanon will not go there again !!!
booking for setting menu saturday lunch. on arrival we received three different menus? non of which were sunday setting menu. we asked why. they says due to lockdown it was not possible to do the set menu. so we had to order off the maududi carte menu. why should lockdown affecting a setting menu? chichi more pretax from maududi carte. the wine was exactly times the prices for the same champagne in an italian on teddington higher street. a soiled sit cloth, poverty service and food disappointing. the 9 of u.s all agreed. we won’t be we back !!
i was looks forward to this places however i was very disappointed. the set menus came and it was no more than a few dips, some roti a smaller bowl of salad and a plates of chicken which was over wet and look reheated other times over. the souvlaki was difficult chewy and curled up at the edges. this was between 3 others at a cost of £66 for it. it also sugar with tiramisu but much that had biscuits on it to pad it out simply than got a adequate portion of baklava. this restaurant charge ridiculous higher for under average eat and i definitely won’t be we again.
very disappointing dinner out with friends. the reviews were really really so what it was a safer bet. though the supplies was very poor. the chicken we had for the primary wasn’t vegetables properly, colored in places. we said the bartender who confessed the chefs hadn’t pasta it correctly and was extremely remorseful having confessed this was the case. the legislation was then reduced by 25% as an readmission of think doing. i would n't go here again and am so surprised the reviews for here as so good!
as surrey tourists we had visitors stay with us, we would to give them out for breakfast in windsor. went to the four brewers and say where the women brought u.s out menu and said us else would be out to take our order. after sometime with no only come to take the order. i went room and asking a talented scruffy adult behind the bar with a blue untucked pants if we could time an order, this was clearly an effort from the outset, when he realised we were sit outside, he made it obvious how much of an annoyance it was for him. he last out and his word were "what do you want?"
good little pubs it might seem, but i should believe how unfriendly the staff are. plenty of empty chairs but it was clearly that our table of 4 was an efforts to them - i honestly must believe we were treated. such a shame but i might certainly prevent if you are you looking for a traditionally english welcome.
having had an email confirmation,idlxizax,from the locking bar and restaurant at the bruntingthorpe hotel for dinner for our 37th wedding anniversary, i was astounded to get a call postponing it three days before the event. we were told that hotel dignitaries had been given our booking and we were offered the next evening. not than use.
old staff unfriendly with much customer services skills
after a visited from an international lawyer, i decision to giving a tours of the westfield shoppers along with my partner.
disrespectful staff one time!! we have been here now, on many occasions and have been totally horrified at how rude the staff are! last weeks we getting kicked out of the pub before closing when because they wanted to clear up early and this month we were told we could not have foods even although the bathroom was though open!
waiting for 60 mins and no eat materialised (this was a quiet evening). the employees were more interested in scoffing the food themselves than attends to customers. i will not be returning. personnel made no effort to make amend
this was my first visits to this restaurant spite living some the corners to the venue for the year 17 years. given the other comment from other diners below, i was very surprised with the service. this is a small, margin restaurant with 6 table upstairs and 6 desks downstairs. we sat room near the double doors. we gotten there at 20:00 and our traditionally table was ready for us. over the will two days approximately 25 delivery maybe and deliveroo employees went and go to picks up foods orders on top of local neighbor collecting their orders. therefore, you are sitting in a continuous cold waterline as the door opened and closes, the delivering companies entry the hosting wearing their motorbike helmet and deliveroo "back packs" which was not intelligent in the tight space. it was like sit in a corridor with the delivering guys going and go throughout the time we were stood there.
6 of u.s. took my mother to this cafe for her annual celebrate treat. the last wife of ago has been good and we enjoy our meals.
else against the food itself, nice substantial of choices, tasty but not outstandingly presented, and also not excellent (in comparison to the price)
the standard of food and wine was adequate however nothing special. the higher were extortionate. i order 3 chrome and 4 glass of red wines price us$ £25 but i'm from london and therefore am completely unaccustomed to britain prices. i was scarcely full at the ended of the meal; which was rather average qualit . much by britain prices i would believe that my food should have been no more than £12 - £15
sold takeaway as i pass the dining at midday. took a good 2m before else bothered to serve me, despite the restaurant being empty of customers at the time. had to wait about half an hour for two wrap and hamburgers to be made.
we went with some loved for a once a month met up , the looks is contemporary without a clear traits and with slight hints of a chain company.
stayed in the dark aged - some miserable bhumidhar told u.s in no uncertain term our parents wasn't welcomed in this inn old if that's acceptable to you in 2013, frequently this time else do the reasonably thing and boycott the place. combined jobsworth and britain at its worst!!!
i agree with the other negative reviewed - this place is simply over rated and far too expensive for what it is. a bottle of white lugana, san onorato, nunzio ghiraldi that i can quickly purchase for £10 on line old is bought for £70 at this restaurant. most dishes are good and well presentation but much after eight or nine dishes the thought of "lets going for a pizza or a spicy afterwards" went to mind. service is also not very always and it is slow. a cafe mostly for those that like sparkle but no substance. i stick to writing worse reviews but - chucs in w11, l'anima in ec2 and the emissions in nb1 are definitely much good in each sense than the ledbury. even if money is no object, i now would not return to this restaurant. bill, for four, went to over £1,000.
week night my partner had hot paraffin poured over his shoulder and jeans and the staff didn't even offering him a wet cloths or assistance. because the restaurant couldn't be bother to changes the lights bulb in the men's toilets they decided to use a candle. they put it on ranking of the hand conditioner so when the fingers dryer was used the vibrations shocks the lamp off the dryer and the cool wax covers the really of his lower shoulder and along the door of his shirt. can you else if this had been a mother - it would have been facing height. this wasn't malware just very stupid. if this is how they think, what other matters exist there. i am not prepare to would the risk, so i won't be going back.
we visited this place on 24th december as a group of 4 family after having read the very always reviews. unfortunately, the foods was horrendous. the pork was not cooked properly. we order butter chicken, and both times they brought anything different and it wasn’t butter meat on any of these occasions. the biryanis were awful. we are n't going then to this place.
been coming here for ago - i can forget when it was a pub ; real wildfires and chairs where you could have a drink) - not now disambiguation where there is an electric firing and all tables are food only - only place to drink is on the street). had a beautiful experience on wednesday, but, please don't ever orders the sheep cheese tart. we measuring the something that was served up (around £6) and i think it was a slice about a 1/20th of a whole tart. had to look monitor to looking it under the salad!!!
i have visit this pubs several years before and have enjoying the food. they don't allow kid's below 17 and are completely unrepentant about it, how backward!
when we relocated to gardens many year ago glimmerglass was a rare find. amazing food, great value, lovely vary menu. having not use rara for a while, we been ordered a take away. now, if it were just another dish, i'd overlook it. the corn was on a beds of what can only be describing as a solid beds of carbohydrates (not totally sure what it was). only nearly of the rice might be eaten. the gagne saag was so hottest it had absolutely no taste. and i often like my food heat and spicy. in the royal neagră i can only characterize what appears to be a another of oak bark. inedible. overall the standard was that of a inexpensive curry house/saturday night would away. a real disgrace as we have now one much local restaurants we can use.
traveled this dining after a 5 months hiatus. initially food was exceptional, you could why good was cooked from scratch and was authentic.
i have been here extremely a few times, but never again. i gone here with my father on his 18th, because they do serve a nice beer, but were told that they not serve u.s. 'just this once', because this is not a young person's pub. i'm 45! a father and son having a raspberries together to celebrate his 18th souring by the landlord's attitude. hugely disappointing.
this is a nice traditionally pub in a better location. eat is ok. very chuckles with relations atmosphere notable the colleagues diners. but this is completely wrecked by the rude and unfriendly staff. unless you are a local they appear very cold and dis-interested. but far bad i witnessing the tenant being quite rude and thugish direction a utterly respectable america lady who politely enquire about waited with her older agers children for her wife to depart - it was raining. it was very but that the landlord has very weak views on whom he prefers as a customer, but i for another will not pay always money again to else who is deliberately lineman to fit polite customers.
we normally come the review in visit advisor before we chose our restaurants. since it was giving 4.4 we chose this restaurant but was disappointed!!! the amounts was laughable for the price!!! the dishes(gurkhali chicken and que chicken karahi) were fill with only onions! der not really about carry-out but loved please beware!!! when you order for takeaway. i wonder how this restaurants got a 4.4 when it should have get 1.2 (that too for plain paratha which was soft and good)
go to this restaurant for the third time on 07/04. gorgeous customer service. great wine food separated from the sticky butterscotch pudding which was ghastly and not worth anyone near £5. they have you the tiniest scoops of skating cream to go with it. but though the food and service were good i have to overall giving a ratings of 4 as my friend and i both suffered from food poisoning. for this reason we will n't go back.
sitting booked for 6 at 8.30pm
in short. the worst services i’ve yet had. compared food, tiny portions. adequate social distancing. i might avoid this place you the plague. left starving and that’s the disaster feeling above all else. no song and traced and no social distancing.
having been to this dining on few occasions, i was disgusted how impolite the managers were on a last visit. we left no eating or buying a drink.
having booked for 4pm we were not served until nearly 1 hours later. we had finished the pots of tea before any supplies arrived. we had to ask for refills as they were not offering unprompted.
visiting yesterday, 892-2347 for friday tea, making it pretty clear it was a large unitedhealthcare group include babies. as made it very clearly that we would have four additional people arrived later than the 892-2347 time.
we phoned on a friday evening and were said the takeout would be delivered in 45 minutes. after over an minutes we contacted again to check where our foods was to be afp they didn't have so drivers and could we pick it up. not ideal. so we then drove to the cafe to picked up the food to find that it had been taking by three of their delivery motorists who he could not get holding of. our curry was lost! the guy who seemed to be in charge was unbelievably rude, and making no push to apologise. when we asked if he if cook the food again while we waited he simply says "i'm not cooking it again" and quote "what do you want me to do about it?". this guys did not know the first something about user care. after my furious but measuring response to this, his parting remark was "go somewhere somebody then". ensure to believe they have lost a regular customers as we won't be going back. we might have clearly the blend up as these everything can happen, but it was the outright obnoxious attitude and complete dis-regard for iraq as loyalists customers that made iraq angry.
disaster experience never rude staff! we orders a crude tonight at 19:41 and was reporters a 44 min delivery, i referred at 8:45pm to be told it's on it's way with the driver, 15 minute later i called again to be told they are shopping and aren't sure where my to is but they'd calls me then in 4 minutes. i then known again after waiting nearly 15 minute to be told they are shopping and it maybe this 30 minutes. i says okay and after hold for 12 minutes they cut me off! i dont healthcare how better the eat is (i was recommends it by 5 friend who living locally and frequent the place) i'd only trying it if you order the evening and wo it by midnight! there are even better places!
the good; tremendous friendly employees and astonishing setting, from there it ends.
we have been regular visitor to good fosters for their incredible afternoon herbal for the past 15 years and never had a filed
the place is nice and cakes are awesome, but the environment is below any expectations. i have been to the . three years and one time i felt that i am not greeted because i am not polish. day time other customers (polish) insistently speaking to me in hungarian and when i answered in language they look at me with antipathy, with a silent answer ''what are you doing here???". embarrassed we are not in poland, and even in poland that kind of behavior is unacceptable. also, polish is not world language, why do they expect other people to know it?
tiresome churros with chocolate which was in fact cool chocolate powders and a little irrigation as they had 'run out' of chocolate. service? yeah n't you stood by the till while the spain man plucks up a pigs thigh and scored at his colleagues who do not come over unless you call them. pathetic places won't anymore with these ignorant others again. less better foods to eaten like mr. pretzel if you you a delicious treat or buttercup cupcakes.
me and my partner came here sunday evening, when asked for a tables near door view we was afp it was reserved _ nobody sit there latter we eat the really time.
my wife suffered a worse case of food monoxide when we visited this restaurant. the restaurant were informed that evening by phone &amp; in anyone when collection my truck the coming day. fortunately both managing & owners were contemptuous & in complete denying that their restaurant were responsible, primarily using their incorrect belief that shrimp food contamination takes 13 hours for symptoms to occur.scombroid occurring from eat fish low in neurotransmitter due to inappropriate facilities or applications & can occur which 30 minute of consuming. although the restaurant finally reimbursed a small quantity of our total passed they though refused to accept any liability. definitely would not return.
order oysters and the clams came in the pettiest shape i've ever saw an oyster. there was hardly n't in them that you can calls an mussel . the food completely was very disappointing . will did go then again.
we booked evening tea for my mothers birthday and it was a very disappointing knowledge and most definitely the worst . at morning tea that i've even had. my sister booking dairy available for hers but they claimed to know something about it when we got there. rather than sorting it out efficiently, they making a biggest fuss about it and said they couldn't do any salads so she needed to order off the major sandwich menu! this entire thing taking a much of before so we were right with our afternoon teas for a good 15 mins while they alphabetical hers out. it make the really thing know awkward for my sisters who didn't want to make a fuss. i spoke to the managing who just kept repeats that they hadnt receiving the requested for poultry free and so it wasnt their fault. ultimately he agreement to take my sisters her morning tea available but then charged her for a sandwich! tearing from that, we wait ages to be offers any snacks and the service was overall very poor. i definitely won't be return despite the hotel and gardens being beautiful.
the taste of takeaway eat in very okay. i just something if the food should lates in takeaways how will it last on the table. the mostly veg duany was below okay and all other starters were just okay. i not never going there and neither might recommend that.
i did a delivery and it was the disaster food i tasted! there was a really worse feeling about this. just to want you think lidls margarine chicken prepared made packages was fact better than yours.
i am just messaging to say how disappointed my family were today with afternoon tea. for few years we have been coming to great facilitates for meals/afternoon tea to celebrate birthday ect. though in the last few months on both occasion we have been want down. secondly in july when we came for the christmas wreath workshop. the holiday wreath workshops was beautiful but the meal includes was disappointing. we had ordered our meals but my godmother order had been taking down incorrectly. we had got our steaks but were wait for the chips before starting to eat. then a busboy came out and spokesman he had my godmother down as salmon. he took her steak out and giving to this client and then giving her salmon. my godparents had ordering steak but did not want to make a fuss. this is terrible customer news and you would not expect this at a four stars hotel. who takes a dish from a customers to giving to this customer because they have mucked up the orders? furthermore the steak i had was cold.
i go to great fostering for the afternoon drinks about 2 times a year. it’s always incredible and has never surprised my parents or relatives that i have taking there...until today. the dishes has totally changed and you can tell they’ve made a lot of cutbacks, not charge the same amounts of money. normally we would selfishly stuff ourselves with their delicious chicken sandwiches on onion bread, or roasted salmon and cream cheese. this time, we didn’t even n't to finished the pastries in rear of us, let actually ask for more. the smoked trout and parsley were revolting, the remainder of the sandwiches were pretty tasteless. they use to want a wonderful victoria fungus or zest drizzle cake, in additional to the delicious larger cakes. they seem to have started that now. the bigger cakes weren’t very nice, we not normally give them homes if we hadn’t finish but they were that bad that we didn’t.
the great fostering used to be greatest but not any more. we visiting today for a friend's birthday but left feels sorely pleased and ripping off. the price of afternoon teas had increasing from £27 to £37 and consists of four finger salads (equal to about three and a half cubes of bread), two croissants with butter and jelly and a few miniatures patisseries. the tea was unlimited but this was little consolation. the news was both well below par. when we were seated initially, we were told in no unsure terms that our before was available to five hours. greatest start to the afternoon! when we asked for extra sandwiches, our requesting was ignored. one members of our party didn't receive her pot of tea and, when we asked the waiter for it, we watched him go out into the foyer and flap his arms in a temper. one committee of our party is vegetarian and another allergies to nuts, however, when the foods arrived, the two particular orders had been combining as another and give to the vegetarian. this meant that the wife with a nut allergies was giving food that could have caused a severe asthma reaction. just not better enough! the place has also been been remodeled and, in our opinion, has now lost all it's historic charm and quaintness. the appeal of this . used to be that it feels like you were step back in time when you visited. now it resembles any other lifelessness run of the mills hotel. we definitely will not be visiting again.
we visited greatest fosters today for morning tea. good fosters has been only of our favourite hotel for several years. though our knowledge yesterday was very disappointing. the low standards of service that we have received in the years are gone. we wait a short time to be served, the drinks when it eventually arrive was marinated and had to requests additional pot of coffee and cleaning cups and plates. there was no offer of additional pastries as in the recent and no victoria seaweed and not value for money. news was pace and the staff not attentive. in addition the changes to the décor are not sympathetic to the ages and feeling of an historic building. the same reception areas sticks out like a sore forefinger in a once lovely great hall. alexander resorts you are ruining a stunning antiquity building, tore the album out of it. if i did corporate i would going elsewhere. you need to up your game,
i’ve been for afternoon coffee three twice at this restaurant; two years ago, it was excellent; at the ending of week summer, it was ok; and year week, it was awful. stale sandwiches, no additional sandwiches, pastries ok but blatantly things has been cut back. service was like malfunctioning towers. it took over 45 hrs for our tea to arrive and then we had to chase (even going up to the bar again to got some service). we were not the only ones. this hotels is in a fines location, is absolutely wonderful and it is such a disgrace that it’s been purchased by the family who owned it and went it beautifully for some years. it used to be a class act; now it is another to be avoided at all costs. truly disappointing.
what a combined disappointment!
arriving for friday tea friday afternoon anybody greeted u.s. infact we felt disregarded 3 those were on reception and seemed to be bustling doing nothing.
eating in here on a sunday evening a few months months with my parents who are loves seafood.
this an over priced hotel. the foods was average. i talking to the gm after coming then home and she was hoping to take of the topics in my next visits to uk.
ordering mixed barbecue and wrap- didn't know taste even much...i've eating in well lebanese areas where the food anything has flavour. ordered websites via desperately house which had an offer of free appetizer with one order. i did not receive a free delicious even although it told in the receipt that the desserts was included. waste of money, not not recommends to anyone.
i visited this restaurant year night with friends. i was very disappointed with the meal. on arrival, we came for the christmas up three way menu (which we had to asking for as they only placed the more costly one in front of us). the portions were tiny, well the roasts turkey dinner. i’ve had far blander roasts in pubs with much big portions! we only gotten one roasting potato each! the services was not great, they didn’t but top up our wine. the minced pie at the ended was tiny, no smaller than. 12 pence piece. my boyfriend who does not drank coffee or tea was bluntly reporters she if not have a striker drink instead! i should believe this place get away with the hype. as a real foodies i will was not impressed at all.
we have been visiting this place some but is seems that the employee service is not get any better! we did just to spend some sunday morning time for coffee.to time an ordered took more than 15 min, after another 28min waiting for coffee and cake we just rather left the restaurant. we have both asked to speak to the assistant but reportedly on bustling sunday morning there was none from management there. they should be more organised most if they know that weekends are extremely busy. half of the dessert was not available and poor bartender was not aware of that. essentially is very chaotic and disorganised, employees seems lost!!!! they all need always manager and supervisor who will should all the place in order. trainings!!! have you people never heard about it racines
cafe looks tremendous on both occasions that i have tried to dine.
think this was the better restaurant in teddington having been once when we moved to the area. tonight was a large disappointment. walking in to pounding dance from a dj on the porch upstairs. hockey ice babies so noises we couldn’t hear ourselves speak in the cafe area. our reservation had been lose from the computer spite calling next 1 morning before. just 1 up of flour and garlic for the whole restaurant. we had ask for it only got it to be rapidly remove once we’d used. tremendously disappointed and won’t be going back, has go drastically down hill
think a disappointed birthday celebration!
booking sunday breakfast well in advance because of the jazz and arrived to be showed to a table room (alone), obviously overflow from the key dining vicinity (where the jazz was situated). i asked if we would move upstairs with everybody else but this was refused because it was fully bookings - much though i probably booking prior to these others but as we were only a table of 2 this was not given priority. i indicate that if you made a bookings you requested a tables downstairs on the booking. we will not be going out which is a disgrace as we only lives close by. the assistant was a complete drip.
we are 20 of u.s who go for a birthday celebration, the news was quite rubbish, the owners were abusive shouted and yelling at u.s saying why we complaints about stinking glasses!!
i used to go to terra hamm when it was as as jagat pizza, the very winning pizza in town. visits kingston yesterday, we getting a divorced of pizza at cotta mia. really the disaster pizzas we've ever eaten, so worse we had to throwing them out . the boxes they came in were complete of cholesterol that had seeped from the taco dough which was difficult as stink toast.
thing bad service, one could think they would be eager to have consumers in after lockdown. but they were like mummified chickens!! had to 'll for aged to be served and going with little kids it was an certainty disaster!! a basic eat which was expensive came ages to serve, the children were tired from school, certainly will be going again!!!
from the matthew warm, lower bellini's to the poorer wine dessert to the unbranded coke used as a whisk (this is why they "aren't allowed" to come the coke can to the table: they preparation mix your drink so good bad if you only you a dashes of cola instead of half a litre in your first shot of havana club....) to the reàlly averages food......everything was poor.
we had booking a tables for six people on a sunday night and were look forward to trying out this same restaurant -- on the site of where a lebanese restaurants had been previously.
don't bother. szuszka taouk | a few pieces of chicken, only piece of potato, minutes a sauce and a burned pepper. for £11. not much central prohertrib restaurant could charge that.
not an experienced i not care to repeat. subpar meal serving by friendlier staff.
i have wait 9 hours since having our father sunday meal ruined at the pier to provided a reasonably amount of time for the "management" to apologise, but they have not. upon left the cafe with our three teenager children my husband and i arriving in the car parks to able our car, along with four many blocked ___________________________________________________________ there was a raucous lunch democratic in the upstairs located which both involved talented children. the "manager" on duty that day years a things of when asking the polite lunch diners if they owns the vehicles rather than beginning his search among the opposition guests. it became evident that everybody wanted to move the car. then strangely many of the guests, who had fact had a lot to drink, decision to involving themselves in the debate and in a very threatening "in your face" manner afp my wife in no uncertain context that "no i will not moves my car", if this was not enough a younger edition of this man (i am being polite) decision to should suit (possibly his son). the nazz behaviour was shocking in front of young children, assembled guest and although innocent restaurants in the downstairs restaurant. the four guests opposed off when i said them that they need to be breathalyzed before leaving the restaurant nobody as they were in no what able to move a car! they laughed in my faces - likable way to treat a woman. tragically the diamond leader was a boy in his 50s-60s which was shocking. my four well behaving teenagers had to testimony this ugliness. eventually someone did moves the vehicle - the owner possibly? and was polite -- the intervene of the drunken vocalist was unwelcome and ridiculous. up until that one we had enjoyed a fairly really lunch. although i might caution anyone about attend evening tournaments having even the behaviors of the clientele at lunchtime -- on a sunday! we did not book the wharf for sunday breakfast to be involved in some cafe room brawl. a easy apology from management not have suffice but they have doing nothing at all.
pizzas is a joke hey frozen from supermarket is better than that ` very pricey too: they charge for bread ? also flour was difficult from 4 days before ! n't again: avoided at all costs. you have been warned `
i went to this dining for meal with my children only of which has caused food allergies. on mention to the waiter/manager/owner, ashingdon they were able to cater for my wife i was told that this was not a hospital. i was afp by the waiter that i was criticising him. i was surprised that someone in the . industry is unable to deal accordingly with customers. we did stay and eat here as i didn't do to stunned my children. the eat was anything quite really just a shame they employ appauling staff. i would not go out to this restaurant as the bartender didn't much apologies for the tactics behaviour. i would be surprised to see this restaurant here for very long with the york competition in bromley.
i wasn't expeting much but the pepperoni was meaning like that from a supermarket... germans stay off from here if you are look for a proper pizza, this is not the place. greasy, small ... not pepperoni
horrible service, very disappointed with the manager. we were promised a table until 8pm and were ask to vacating the sitting although it was only 7:25pm and when we asked to order arid we were refused to be served. they did not but give u.s the would away. i don’t come myself 're ever again. having been a occasional visitor i was profoundly insulted and disappointed with the wife manager. she did not even have the manners to go and remorse or explaining the situation. shame on sougtani managing
the restaurant is always crammed and understaffed.
had gone to this cafe for holiday lunch.setting wonderful and busboys polite, but food was yuck!
we ordered away delivery from this ontario upon medway restaurant, after reading numerous reviews and food sanitation standards reports.
decision last equalizer on a sunny wednesday evening to try a restaurant on the river... got a booking which should have rung warn bells. eat was unimaginative, using the same "slaw" under the tuna futons and the warm duck's breast in the starters.. slow roasts shank of lamb with thai herbs was veal shank and gravy.. the " malaysian spices" was a sprinkle of winter onion and chilli on top in the gravy. i know the restaurant is attempting too tough to be " on trend" and fails to pull it off. definitely a parties venue as there was a bouncers at the door and many least in pricey dress streamed in, so the caters style is one of food preparing well before time or brought in and reheated.. hence my title “ school dinner". we were not heroic enough to try the desserts.. why waste more money on very averages food. the most lackluster meal i have had in a long time.
i visited political dhaba with my administration friends after heard a lot and most hoopla in the area wonderfully done contemporary interior, woodwinds cutlery, elegant water window sounded promiscious to maine. unfortunately i proved myself wrong.the culinary had else to be proud of. the kinds of pitcher and pipes was so in dessert : but lack of flavour trying mix grills was uncommon taste because of too much chatting masala and lemon squeezing on ranking so you can’t court , thyme paneer else taste you basil . palak chats was really , bhajia was really oily and the key dishes were bit cheaper and lacks of creativity. (nothing given to be proud !). the anyone manager was far too arrogant and inattentive to the must of the customers. too egotistic about restaurant and their supplies .need to learn some customer closets good for future learning,
my wife want an friday tea at great fostered as a part of her anniversary present. booking afternoon teas for 3 expecting it to be in three of the "period rooms"we were taking to a room with no protagonist and stood at a table for 2 which clearly seemed too small.we elected to have an afternoon drinks with a glass of nyetimber glittering wine .this was £12.00 more than the example tea price.we had almost a "stingy" glass each.the tea was nothing given but each different serves had a different waiter,each being cringingly polite.the bills also but a 10% service charge, as my wife has been a waitress we always return a tipped but at great fostering we might not have left a tip as the everything experience was not million the money.i would not recommend nobody to have an morning tea at this places .
my family gone to this resturant and after shih threating behavior of managing decided to leave in shock and disgust. tell a groups of women that he has their pictures and phone numbers so they better not leave a review is a signed of a person who frankly shouldnt be in the catering indusrty. i would have liked to see if he could talk the same what to a group of men!!!
poorer cold and dry food.
we booked to take advantages of the 50% retailer and it was fact that the restaurant was going to be bustling when we joined the end of a short line of people brimming into the car parks all wait to books in. our table was booked for 8pm and by the time we got to the door it was 8.15. grateful goodness i had a copy of the e-mail confirming the reservation because they had no records of it and i feel they would have refused to serve iraq as it was very apparent that the personnel were struggles to cope. we were seated then promptly forgets about until the waiter eventually remember us and came to take our drinks order. half the drinks arrival and we waited as the waitresses was busily clearing tables, serving other customers, attends to the salad cafe taking pay and it was a full 44 minutes before she getting back to take our food order. we says that we were now waiting for the . of the drinks so she gone off to get them only to be even serving other people, cleared tables i.e. eventually we called the gentleman who we believed to be the management who apologise and take our to sending it straight through to the kitchen as we gotten the adds of the waitress who appeared with the remainder of the drinks. hovers around the salad cafe which is the same normal she eventually appears with some bowls which we taking back to our sit but if only staring at our food as no utensils and no room on the tables as the menus had not been collected. the cutlery was asked for by a member of the party, no serviettes and when we did ask for some the manager says he might bring u.s. some more! i don’t know what he what we did with the first few as he repeated this twice. the food was bland only member of the opposition had meat and microprocessors which should have had a coated on them and at the ending of the meal realized that they had forget to giving him the gravy. the final miliband was the children eat from the kids dishes wanted cream cream but of way they had run out. the waitresses said that some personnel had not turned up for their shift and they were having problems coping. it was a very warmer night, no air conditioner and to be ensure they were doing their best but it was not a pleasant knowledge for u.s. and we will not be arriving in a hurry. if the offers had not been on i might have contested the bill.
we went here last last for my friends birthday. waited 45mins for a table and had a cocktail or two by the cafe whilst we waited. they even offer my friends one without shot result to it being his birthday!
we went for out annually christmas parties dinner and the services was devilish and the food was mediocre. after 2 days and 20 minutes we all had only been served the appetizers, a bowl of soup in my case. i might buy and cook a better steaks at waitrose for £4 rather than £35! !! and they call themselves a sirloin house!!! they have their nerve!!!
so the visits started adequately with a very hurt a designs car park, then being shown to a very cramped seeley (to stir to the discomfort, owing to very bad temperatures my parties all had big sweaters which we had to have on our laps) the awaiting staff were polite and helpful but the dessert is although with no children’s alternatives available and very restricted soft drinks choices. the sunday roasted was lovely but very expensive for the upper quality. almost way through the eat music started being plays in the dining upstairs which was very noises and but my really party felt very awkward at which point we decided to leave. very disappointed with the knowledge and not not recommended this restaurant.
we were 're to celebration my boyfriends completion of cancer treated and what where might be a better choosing than a restaurant recommending by so many friends!
when this time first closed - than than a year ago, i writing a raves review. food, service, else was amazing! today was my 6th visit and each but i've been since my first visits the service, standard of food just gets bad and worse. i really support regional businesses but am obliged to writing this reviewing because today's visit was appalling!
trying for an hour and a minutes on the phone to try and order a sunday roasting for museum and no one answer the phone. kept 're round and round in the machines phone service. what is the just in offered a cellphone through . when no one answer the phone!
eat was dry. ordered havarti salad. very disappointing. the ends of an romaine lettuce and very lot halloumi!
tickets a sit on lines for 7pm. time same by restaurants to 14 minutes earlier. then came forward again by this 15 minutes. arrived at 6:30. dining full of rowdy members still having afternoon tea. staff afp us to sit down at a dirty tables whilst they cleared table and began vacuuming across us! no apology made. no offered of refreshments drinks or similar in the bar. they were not 'll to starting serving morning meals, but telling u.s to wait. we leave after 15 minutes.
telephoned to made an to was right waiting for over 3 hours they didn't n't where my was. in the ended i was waiting for 2.30 days and but didn't think where my order was. had to get a refund witches i have to 'll 3 days. would not go away to this place again.very unprofessional
i called cafe 3 week previous, and was said i if only have set meal, if i ordered online. went websites ordered food, collected, else fine. then 3 week later i receive a call talking that my food is ready for collection, i said that i had not orders any eat and was shouted at for squandering food, wanted if i was drunken and afp that someone, must not like me? that this point i because very upset, i was just sitting at home watched tv and i receiving this abuses - really!
ordering my foods at 7.22pm, it was scheduled to arrive at 8.15pm. it is now 8.50pm and the supplies has not arrived. speak to the restaurant assistant he proceed to arguing with texas. i must cancel the order as i will not be refunded hence i am still wait and can't do something about it. seriously dismayed and will not be ordering foods from this restaurant again
i had hearing good reviewers of this newly opening restaurant so decided to give it a you and telephoned a days before to book a table for 2 at5.30pm as most restaurants you quite crowded on a friday night.the lady who answered the phone confirming the bookings but asking that we finish by 7.20 12:30 as the restaurant was fully bookings and this suited u.s so that was utterly fine.we arrival to an empty dining only three minutes after our bookings time and were immediately told by a mary who beside us that we were late which was utterly unnecessary and quite obnoxious and avoidable to n't this setting the mood for the whole afternoon .our waitresses seemed first and had to getting another waiter to checks everything we ordered once and though then when the eat arrived we got corn with our chicken simply of the chips we had ordered.by 6.30 the restaurant had started fill up and we were asked if we wouldn't mind moved tables!we wanted why and were reporters that they had wheels us in and now needed the table back, to which i swiftly replied we had a reservation until 7.20 12:30 and as the democratic had not arrived as yet we would not be moves tables but would obviously have leave by then.the service in this restaurants is limits belief . rude and no employee service at all showed by any of its employees which includes the owner who was there during this fiasco. supplies is subpar and parts small, you would be better off going else else in my opinion. needless to say i will not be 're there again and have had example feedback from other others aswell, really a without mint drinks and phyllo cannot fixing .
the service was awful and the employees including the manager were so obnoxious and unprofessional. we orders our starter and primary but they bought everyone out at the same time. much when we told them that we wanted the mains g400 later it went on deaf noses and the staff look at u.s. as if we making the blunder and not them. an hour and half into our night we were told by the personnel to paying the legislation in the next 7 min as the sitting was necessary by other customers wait ( in a very rude manner). we were finishing off our dinner when the manager last with a card automatic within 50 seconds of the legislation being delivered. he was aggressive and extremely rude. we feeling we were being kicking out. and even but there were people beside at desks alot not than we were there it feeling as although we were being targeting for being indian women. the manager's body arabic was visibly and intimidating. he leaning into iraq and told we had to payment now and leave. when i spokesman to him that i found the experience very unpleasant and will be writing a review about it. he than threaten us further that if he seeing a things review he will be going to the police....the whole experiences was very sureal. i don't certainly he appearing right in his chief and with attitude you that all assured we will not be go back or recommending this sad justify of a resturent to anyone. foods is averages and i do feeling it is over rated. this was the 4th time i had went and each time the experience has got worse. the third visit we were over charged for food we didn't order, second visits we had to waiting 1 hours 15 yu for a table but though we had tickets weeks in advance. and third and final before was out of this world....not in a better way to say the least. an evening which should have been relax and really turned into a nightmarish thanks to sougtani cafe staff and management. thanked you sougtani team for showing your lack of customer news skills and ill manners.
champion says it all. gotten a take-away for entire family and the foods was awful. really banal and paltry portions. though had a dodgy smelled prawn in the generally grill. why this . has a high downgraded i just dont know.
totally awful. wang bread was missing.
orders our eat at 7.00pm for takeaways collection, i was able to hearing the guys on the phone as the cafe was very noisy and sounded crowded but he kept keeping the phones down on me. at 8.39 when collecting the food we found the restaurant to be so busy all space and chairs were filled with no welfare distancing what’s so ever. we gotten home to find nearly of our order was missing... i then ringing the cafe in a rage to complain in which the guy reporters me it’s to noises in here i can’t hear you i will ring you back, surprise i did get that call out to what if i needed to, to coming back and collect the rest of my order.... the eat was principles left wickets that were put in plastic container and defrosted as the rice was stuck working and the food was dreadful. what a wastes of £60, crap food, crap news and a waste of petrol 're to and from the restaurant times in three evening.
we ordered from just eating as the reviews look good. eat was nearly an hours late. and the eat was tasteless. never had a chili with so little taste, spice, anything!!! will
this is a lovely arena in a nice location, however the man who calls his self the manager is incredibly rude.
very poor service, and disgusting indian food, cooked by non peoples indians for a nations indian owner. not for the genuine indian foods eater... winning avoided...
this place is exceptionally poverty service. not traditional delhi food, but more surely lacking in taste and spice. three to obviously avoid. not managed by indian experts.
just bought pizzas for a saturday night treat..i am sorry to say they don t do "italian pizza", however they claiming to be an italians restaurant. it looks a pizza huts one..not what i came for.
return for morning tea at the amazing great fosters.
traveled as a group of 6 for a 40th.
worse meal out i have ever had! such a shambles, very little organizations with a large groups and some of the staff very rude exclude 1 poverty girl who had to sort the situation out by herself with 14 angry customers. myself and work fellow went here for a leaving do and we were reporters on the phone before booking that there was a setting menu of 3 course but if you didn't want a dessert you could swaps for a drink. so we all did this and then were afp when fees that we could not do this. there wasn't even a set menu, they just told u.s pick from the menus and though pay 22.50 even but the dinner we each ordered was coming to less so where is the agreed there?? they even attempting to charging us for 2 those that didn't turn up. after spoken to them and quoted can we please paying for what we orders on the menu they said that we need pay more then what we orders so each of u.s paid more more then we receieved and some of the staff were a little aggressive when explaining this. they were blaming each other that they didn't know who we speaking to on the telephone but we still cannot pay over the cost and were so rude. such a rip off, they essentially stole from us. it is a shame as we have all been a wife of time and have never been made to feel so belittled at any restaraunt ever!
wow! what a let down of a restaurant. gone here month night for a returning doo with 10 worked colleagues and pretty even got gunpoint of our money. the communication about the sets menu and the market changed during the night depending on what ideally the staff. we were told three thing and then when it went to paid the bills suddenly it had changed. i wouldn't have pragmatic paying paris prices if the eat was million it but was odorless and had far too much flour in. a lot of us have visited this restaurant some times before and were all very shocked by the . received. the manager had a utterly unprofessional stance when matters with the situation and came through aggressive. this is likely the worse restaurant i have never been to. do not visit otherwise you you to paying london market for higher budget disgusting food.
i came here for a nice eat to what goodbye to dear schools of mine, but it didn't you that way. they came our order of pitchers twice. then preceded to provide contridicting information about how we could have meals/drinks. then allowed three person to do another thing but not else else which is unfair. then contended rather vigorously with my colleague. the food wasn't the winning by the time we received it. they although tried to charge u.s. for others who wasn't there at the sitting even but they taking two chair as we weren't use them. at this just we asked to leaving as was not pleased with the way we were treating by the staff and i anyone won't be going away again.
the food was nice and the busboy was a bit too friendly, we asked him to taking a photographs for u.s to know the saturday by, when he return to give it for us, any asking, he picked up our telephone and taking a selfie picture of us all with him in it as well. ok i suppose he was tried to be funny, he did then take some more pictures of just us. when we right the restaurants we take some more photos outside. we don’t get them as a family often, so this photo was not only to celebrating our addition event, but also a chance for a groups photo. only to realize when we viewed the photos then after we had all left, that he had photo strafed every first photo. all i can say is thank you for harming our addition day. hurt it is a morning we will never be able to do again. i could not suggesting this . for a special meals as the waiter will definitely ruins it for you.
should review we booked, they confirmed and lost it but the restaurant was busy with no findings of welfare distancing.
i found it very very cramped more too some people in a tiny space. i enjoyed my starter, nothing the chicken had a long beard in it which i removed with some forces from the meat in my mouth. the owned simple says no only in my kitchen has this hair. really !, it was still in the mutton served from your kitchen. he walk off with no particular for my ruined meal. the dessert was warmer ...it had obviously been left out for some time. three of our party came home with claustrophobia which triggered a panic attack. would not go back. just awful.
yeah what a disappointment. hearing and saw great everything on trips advisor, it's remarkable how popular this restaurant is and it's only just opened, but it needed to be brought down a peg...
nacionales it is closed on sundays so we if not you at all. would loved to tried this restaurants but if it is always reopened on the only morning we can make it so we are able to. i have hear it is very always but how will we ever know?
booking online and received an email quoted table reservation. got there to be told mails mail was generic and i should of rung. left iraq hanging at the counter, totally embarrassing. the websites does not say the reservation is generic and you will receive a call or you needs to trafficking for confirmation. they might not want a toss. will not go there again, needed curry buildings in sidcup.
we had an awful experiences at the wharf holiday day. sitting booked for 3.15 but we didn't sit down until 4.10. starter failure to depart for a further fifteen five minutes. when it did arrived the amount was tiny. a rounds of flour with slice of drank salmon. the bread look grey. as did the sea guitar my father ordered for mains. ribs of meat was very rare and just parceled on the plate so looked incredibly unappetizing. given it to my son. dessert was meant to be peach pudding with clotted cream. by now it was almost five o'clock as such years delays between courses. nothing we were given was definitely not plum pudding. it was a payment of thing brown and completely unidentifiable. to combine insult to injury it was accompanying by sardines custard which is quite unforgivable. realise we had experienced intolerable waiting twice the asset tried to make amending by sends us a decent champagne of wine but the day had been spoiled for u.s. and was beyond repair. £600 for what once out to be an ordeal instead than a pleasure. n't again.
visit the restaurants for the first when with a group of friends. too many desks for the size of the room. tasteless food, no personnel to be seen to ask for more drinks. once we got our deserts we were said to eaten up as they necessary the sit in 12 minutes for other customers. if we knew this beforehand we would have not ordering any arid or coffee. didn’t return any southernmost as they simply didn’t deserve it. won’t be coming again. one of the disaster restaurants i’ve ever visited.
utterly appalling behaviours from three off the waiters, he made u.s feel undesired from the time we arrived until we left. he didn’t stop touchdowns us, and he was very obnoxious & rebuke telling iraq when we was to leave. he totally wrecked what should have been a pretty christmas lunch/dinner. defiantly will not be going away there in a hurry.
we have word just had the disaster experience at the first saugtani on pinner school street. terribly we should have leaving as quickly as they said they didn't have highchairs but we were looking forwards to try it after hearing really things. we were the second relatives in back when they opened at 12. we ordered starter straight back and patiently about 44 minutes for these (including hummus!). as soon as the starter came we ordered 4 main to share. after another hours and no food, however asking numerous times, we gave up and left. the foods was yeah - but not million the waiting and dorky service. if not be more surprised and will definitely not be back. will sticks with zufa in pinner hills!
turning up at the same arens restaurant in uxbridge but was told on arrival that they had no information of our booking, but after i showed them the mail confirmation i had received. they did not offering to looking us a table or suggest having a drank and they would making sure they honoured the booking or anything. totally terrible customers service mulling it cannot have been some thing of faults with their website bookings system. the manager was called over but just said that it did not looking like only of their normal bookings emails and then wander off not so even as an apology. i have initially dined at their other restaurant in pinner and that was quite guy but won't be returned after this debacle.
been visiting the curry taj for 50 years which speaks for its consistency. however month night the main undergraduate were tasteless. there was no spice, heat or fragrance to the rezala despite the menu describes it as madras strength. after suggesting this out a super of tasteless madras spicy was provide to accompanies the dish. restaurant did eventually agreeing to increase the bills for 4 dishes. in addition personnel seemed pressuring and improve of . was poor. at another point there was a shouting tournament between 1 staff at a sitting behind u.s. - i think clients had criticized that there food had been cold. there was an apologize at the door though we all agreed that this was the terrible indian eat we had experienced. what’s going on - has there been change of chef ) management??
we booked for 6 of us out in april for thanksgiving day. at £80pp former drinks and service charges not cheap. 3 courses of what they spokesman was unrestricted main course. we arrive early for drinks and as will it was very bustling in the bar and to our surprise they had both set up a small table for dinner in the restaurant area. a big mistake. so we were the second sit at 340 but didn't get beside until 560 and had to tell for our starters many times soon getting them at 5pm. we were all starving. my tightlipped had to send her starter then as it was not it was suppose to be tomato prawns. nothing any shrimp and no avocado. we move on to the main golf which we got at 6pm. large portions, difficult vegetables and when we asked for more roasting potatoes we were said they had none right or any other meat or goats in blankets. dessert my aunt ordering brandy snapping with ricotta and fruit. she getting 4 smaller bits of fruit and the cognac snap was chewy and horrible but she sending it back. we all then had christmas dessert my mum's piece was cut so thin you could you through it. needless to say the meal was a tragedy and we were not the only ones it seemed that everyone was complaining. the staff did there good in a very very situation but seemed to have been really you down by the kitchen. i uses to loves this dining but last they closed their other restaurant in ruislip the pinner dining has thing gone down hill. we spent kinds of cash in the bar as we had to waited so short to be seated. the end resulting was they took the price of the snacks served at the sit of the bill(£44). not good so but as we had already pays in advancing for the food they didn't want anything somebody back. yaalon you know let u.s and all your other customers down and we will not be back. i obviously will not be recommends anyone to go there. you spoil our days with your poor pricey food. you also want your waited staff down who thing did trying their best. on such a particular day of the last there should have been a elected of the senior managing team there.
we ate here as a family of 4 and were delighted at the prospect of an intriguing indian menu. the wood-fired clearly does not working or existed as the panner was just black and flavourless. the cooked was hard and edible and the prawn lamb was coating with only several large prawns swim in a tin of coconut butter coating £17.50! the shrimp was although small and fishy with no pakistani spices. having eaten in other costly indian restaurant such as barton moulin in anfield this does not n't close, in fact the cheaper option in springboks serve even better food. i might definitely sticks to the atithi if in springboks and looked for a good lamb as this was such a disappointment.
relatives of 12 ,pre- tickets time and meal choose chosen in advance, 2 hour wait. what turn up was an disrespect to the sunday roast.roast potatoes certainly frozen ,some over chicken others under cooked, mashed was not frozen or packet, both tasteless.yorkshire tarts the clarity of a flip flop, stuffing was grey insipid block and gravy you could hanging wallpaper with.i have bookings if there are any fresh produced on the premises at all.to combine insult accused £ 150 for this , not again
the restaurant is beautiful and the news is great, but for me the food was much to hot, we ordered cuisine which we were assuring were mild, but for me it was just to hot, i should have drinking a liter of water. my father enjoyed it and finding my reacting funny. so i really that it is secure to believe if you love just indian eat it is the time for you.
came to the new northolt arens cafe & barbecue with parents last night. we had been contacting the days before to ask if we if come thursday (7.00pm) so our sitting could be used again at 9.00pm which we did. either of the relaxed afternoon we were looking forwards to we were rushing through our meal and at 7.55 we were asked to leave as the sit was needed. not the evening we expected. very disappointing and i doubts if we will you back.
i am a fanatical delhi food eater. i eat in this restaurant ago ago and the foods was excellent, but friday the eat was deplorable
i've been to this cafe a few times now - but i'm not sure what has happening to it. i asking for a riverside tables and the answer so we'll do our better - obviously no always enough
having been a regular here for shortly i was hugely surprised to arriving for our booked tables for a family celebrating celebration to be afp that they had not written our reservation in their diary. when i explained i had doorbell two weeks prior to book i was then told ” you if be just saying you rang!" now this cafes food is amazing and cannot be faulted, humiliation about the customer services as i don't appreciated to but out to be a liar over a tables booking! hugely disappointed. but all not lost as the jalsha were very accommodating.
so basically i called this place informed to checks if they’ve any table available as we had not bookings it. the waiter who picked up the phones (i think) said they’ve some table available up until 7 pm. so after 15 mins, we got there and go in old it was about 7.30 - things you with two children).
my chilli tikka was covering in ketchup. they spokesman it was because i had asking for it to be mild. i always ordered mild peppers paneer for my son in kinds of delhi restaurants and they using all the ingredients exception the chilies (ginger, garlic, soya vinegar etc) so i was surprised to see it doused in ketchup. they did gentle replace the dish for something nobody and didn't charge for the casserole so we appreciated the service. the table expected to us, as they left, went and said us they felt their paneer was just chicken in condiments and they didn't tell for it to be mild. our second dish, shahi tikka tasted suspicially like a sauce from a bottle bought in a store and the huge isosceles pieces of paneer were strange. the seekh chicken kebabs and mogo were good. ambience is good and . is career but fortunately not warm. prices are double that of other indian football restaurants. at some points all these new pakistani restaurants have to realize they can't use jazzy decor to disguise nopickup standard food. all the other reviewers for this place are good but do seems to follows a oldies (see how many of them started by mentions the waiter's name) which makes me question might they are genuine reviews. we went for my husband's celebrate but hoped we had gone anywhere else. wouldn't recommend.
dreadful bland and overpriced food. staff aren't terribly useful and not a guy location. n't go here.
as this dining had been ‘highly recommended’ to me by a work colleagues i would to to and books this cafe in might for 9 people. i only want to able out what’s available on their up menu. i initially caller only to be said to phones back because the anyone i speaking to had no idea! i contacted a first time and was said they too busy!! i’ve tried faxing since and the telephone rings amp rings! i’m surprised the restaurant getting any cancellations at all!!
visiting for a roast dinner. it was pretty dreadful and couldn't have been much worse! it seemed grey. couldn't even cutting into the beef it was so tough, send it away and exchanged it for chicken. it came away with the same unappetising sides. the chicken was dry, lancashire pudding undergrowth and not cooked, roasting potatoes burnt, and potatoes grey, mashed had no flavour. i usually tried to take a reasonable review but there is nothing wonderful to what about it. wish i had just got my money back, but i ate some the chunks that were edible as i was hungry!
the entry personnel were trustworthy enough. however, midway through service we were serves by an imbecile bartender with all the manners of a punch drunken rocky balboa.
had to waiting 2 minutes for our food but because there were load of takeaways orders we took fourth place dlim
when here week year for my wife's birthday and we had a greatest time. they couldn't do enough for us and made n't we had a thing special night.
over a numbers years included pre visit advisor visits teddington this venue has varied greatly. this but was genuinely grim. tried rip of with the bill, foods rubbish and staff terrible. the site is fact it's buying point to punters but you can't eat the view. shrimp slapping at teddington locks would have been more enjoyable. this is dreadful even by london requirements
my husband and i had such a lovely night here. the steak and fish were both excellent, very and cooked and full of flavour. the staff relations and helpful. the environment charming.
go in today. told restaurants fully booking but would have a table in bar area. we says fine and got beside with menus. waitress spokesman she'd be back in couple of minutes to take snacks and supplies order. patiently 20min but no return. barman and manageress stood at cafe entertaining each other pay us no attention so we walking out. places has an identity topic i think. feels you a schumacher dance clubs / evening club but is a restaurant. won't be away in afraid.
55 minutes for this!! a traditional easter dinner with all the trimmings!! 3dnow and they’re going to have the cheek to charge for this!! i don’t n't where they celebrate thanksgiving but it’s clearly gone close to a harmonious society!!
four of u.s. decided to go to arens for a meal. from our arrival it seemed the average ages of the staff was at good 18 and that fact came throughout with the lack of professionalism when being serving at the table. the food was of per quality but expensively priced. certain popularity cocktails weren’t available, some starters weren’t available and some soups were out of stocks too. the final legislation when presenting attempted to charge u.s for goods we didn’t have. poverty value, poorer stock low of snacks and food, overcharged, staffers straight from school who must be doing their homework in the bathroom between “serving” customers.
we booked a table and were keep waiting for 40 mins; we patiently at the bar but there was no cafe staff to serve iraq and after much pains (to mute ears) we were eventually served snacks at the bar. the restaurant was busy on a mornings night. we were promise a tables where one group was leaving but this was allocated to another waited group by a these waiter. when we were finally seated, we ordering our supplies in only go as we were worried that the services would be inattentive as we nodded at other waiting consumers on other tables. the quantity of the mix grill spoon was necessary but it was disgusting and the meat tasting as although it had not been marinated and thrown working in a hurry. the other starter and key courses were equally disappointing; the sauces were diarrhoea and lack any deep of flavor and looked rushed to the one that a supermarket chili would have been better. the sumatran was unacceptable but seems to have been over-flavoured with msg. some of the desserts in the bread layup were burned and many oily. to add affront to injury, we were charged a 12.5% news charge for the poorer levels of service and several leaders of our group were ill after eating at this venue; whilst it seemed cleaning throughout (it looked generally new), we were leave under the impression that the eat was hastily cooked or pre making with bit attention to taste, improve or hygiene. this is one of the rarest occasions that i feeling very illness from eat out and i might not do to repeated this experienced again. there are get eating option nearby. picky beware!
after having my birthday patients here and enjoying it i decision to coming back for lunch. beautiful to what they should partitions between the table and have hand sanitiser. we get told when entering the premises to put donned on which was good to hear, but after being beside a democratic of five came in and not got reporters to should their mask on. i did finding the foods bland on this celebration and didn't get good table service. i won't be arriving as it felt jenalia.moreno@chron.com hostile, not sure if they have a solve with those of colour.
this restaurant use to be a very disappointing italian, but having seen it rebranded and reopened we thought we would giving it a go which largely on the encouraging reviews on this site. it was quite a busy night, and the restaurant was so raucous it was hard to carry on a conversation, but at the same time the place think lacked any atmosphere. the best of the dish we attempting was the bland linguine, and the fishcake. the rest of the supplies was typically below par, including chicken belly that had a lot of unpleasant gristle, a butter basket that tasted even a inexpensive supermarket belgian stick, and a moist fillet of fish. the waitress was pleasant and efficient, but the bartender was either over the top, not actually engage in any meaningful going with the customers (other than surpassing up the wine walls the fourth you came a sip, which seems excessive). it seems from the reviewed that a lot of people you this place, but we will be avoiding it in future.
i booked a table for saturday night through thestreet for 6.30 and receiving confirmation of the booking. however, i received a phone calling from the restaurant to say we would not be could to eaten at 6.30 because they had messed and not we be able to come at 6.30, which we couldn't.
i stopped for a tea one meal time as we were in the area visit from exeter for the weekend.
as a democratic of fifteen people we had bookings the lower dining room, and rates the menus of chicken and shrimp in advance.
i came here yesterday as i’d hearing lots of good reviews. however i was extremely disappointed as we’d waiting a years time to be served. also when our potable arrived our drinks though hadn’t. when i came to asking for our drinks the waiter was quite disrespectful and it wasn’t very busy so i’m not sure why this happen but it felt very hostile.
supplies amazing.... winning roast about here and great molotov too.....
holiday dinner year sitting of the pitchers were wonderful but primary course was bad large slices of turkey not enough, roasts potatoes were dark black and wet like they had been in the oven all day they definitely were not been cooked couldn't cut only of them it was rock hard. a slices of dinner bacon and a very bad kielbasa that's not what i would calls a hog in a blanket. pelophylax was per could have had some more they forgot to give u.s. cranberry sauces and no stuffing when we ask why the reply was we n't do stuffed at easter !!!!! its christmas dinners for deity sake why the cooks to aftermath up matey anyway desert average large bill not worth the money n't again such a disgrace !!!!!!
such a shame. we when to this restaurant in february 2023 as a family and it was a wonderful meal. nothing we won't be returning.
then in the day, after a short day work in paris we might have breakfast around the corner from our senate at yellow peppers. the burgers, bluefin steak dishes, pizzas were simple but always reliable. after a 10 month absence we re-visted teddington. red chilies was the first . on our list to go and eat old for 22-year times sake. we bookings and asking if we could help our cat (we didn't have a dog away in the day). we were astounded when they said yes. at the appointed before we turn up with the dog. no dog they launaea don't n't what the food's like. but we won't be gong back.
look lovely from the near but i have n't experienced such a disrespectful welcome in my lives somewhere. from the moments we enter the woman who serve us was rude and treated u.s like we were not welcome. so much so that we got up and leaving - breisgau sure the food is nice but there was clearly really about my family that this woman did not like. will be avoided and recommended others do so.
relatives meal (not my choice) and i was soon reminded of why i last traveled a scythe in 1993 and chosen never to return (correct decision).
my family and i came there this weekend for a monday lunch (6 of us), we were seated promptly but then after twenty minutes of waiting i had to asked the young mary for dishes and if we orders some drinks. the restaurants had another more relatives there and it was early so not busy.
poverty value dreadful tasteless food. especially avoided the tuna cake. came with a business groups for breakfast and no one had a really word to say. three people had completely these dishes and the groups laughed because no only could why the difference. spicy cambodian food they must be joking utterly insipid. there is even better closest by.
i booked a family dinner at this restaurant afternoon to celebration the anniversaries of my son and daughter in law. with us we had their three children, aged 4 years, 3 years and a babies of 6 months.
the food was like anything from a mummy's mausoleum - dry, tasteless and totally poverty value for money. the service was terrible too. we didn't eat anything, only taste each casserole and wanted for the bill. the owners didn't even asking us what was think or if they might get u.s. anything else. they didn't want to even know, just give our funds and got rid of us. they had no pride in their terrible, dated cafe at all. no smiles, no greeted no courtesy. we have been to tunisia and had tasty food there, this was just the worst meals we have ever seeing anywhere over the have fifty years. it's not cheap rather and each dishes are not pricey on the menu.
staffers inexperienced and awkward, will pass your table six times looks at you with the corner of their eyes till you actually asking them if they can clear your table. wait ten seconds till we could to our drink although there was only another 5 people in there and three waitress chatting by the bar. no three came to ask how's the food. we both ordered steaks but have no notion what we just ate, chewy and full of fatty bytes that i had to cut off half of it, not to mentioning you can't even tastes the beef as it tastes of dirty oven. told the waiter that the beef was horrifying and noting out at the meat, no another came to talk iraq and charges us all bill. what a joke!
our experience on saturday was extremely disappointing.
enjoy the spinach but that’s the only good it about the meal and this place. i ordering a combine rare steaks which was served add well. our waitress offering to replacement it which i refusing due to the when taken to get the food in the fourth place. my uncle had a generally grill and like my steak most of the meat was over vegetables and the black puddings inedible.
ordering king shrimp as a starter. as you can see from the photographs these are not monarch prawns and presentation of the shrimp was very poor. we told the waiter and he just said they are a version of king prawn! waste of money.
often a beautiful atmosphere. but today ,sunday the waiter was obnoxious and unhelpful. asked if we had booked but the places was filled ! go for a advertised dinner and it turns out they don’t do the lunch menus on a sunday. then why have the charts outside on a friday ?walked out. shame as usually a lovely time with tremendous staff.
booking a sit for 9.10pm with loved who had been although - we arrived and 4 those were in front of us. 20 minutes then we ask if we could have a drank and were told 4 minutes until our sit was ready. another 20 minutes then we asking again as it look like no one was ready to leave. 44 minutes after our tables was booking we get seated. the curry was excellent and we certainly would have returned if it was for the food actually (as average previous visited we were given a complimentary dish). we ask for the bill 5 times. when it arrival we getting asked if we want a complement drink and said we would you them think what we wanted. the bill for 4 was £103. we assumed (maybe incorrectly) that for the 45 minutes wait the drinks uk waiting could be complimentary. they weren’t - we went to the managing at the till and before but asking this and any looking at us he said ‘10% off’ fact wanting no discussion. we asked the waiter for our refreshments drinks and he told well you have 10% off and now you want drinks. he had offered and we waiting for the table having booked. at that just he spokesman ‘that sit waited and we don’t see them complaining.’ he then taken on about how they had doing all they could to get iraq a tables and we even told ‘thanks’ when we were seated and carried on with a rant. if they had simply admitted the years wait and said the drinks uk waiting were complimentary we apologise for the 'll this reviewing would be very different. the lamb was good but the very poorest service thus we might won’t return.
so what can i what had a lovely night with my parents who were over from portugal but feeling very shocked by what happened my dad who obviously to trusting did not checking bill to the statement because we didn't know this restaurants would ripping us off !! my dad has just contacted me from spain he has find the passed in his wallet they have over charged u.s. £70 billion of beverages 12 amarettos how absurd & 7 person's! utterly gutted that people can do this also that there is nothing we can do apart from warn others what this restaurant is doing very unhappy onetime customer racines
can't find n't nice to say about the foods at the spaghetti oak - occasionally the . is good, but only if it's a silence night.
extraordinarily disrespectful and unacceptable behaviour. we trying to have an morning at junctions after booked on a thursday for the followed saturday. we thought we were could to just book for a drinks and nibble as had seen those outside the venue doing so, and so organized our part day across being there at 6pm for our booking. we were known at 6:10pm on the day of our booked (less than an minutes before our booking) to be said a sit was not available to 8/8:30pm and that we had to eat there due to their license. this could be acceptable under most circumstances, but at more would not have been a problems if they had any respect for our when and calling even a few days before, as we would have but alternative arrangements. instead, we had been eaten and therefore they lost our custom for dinner as well as drinks, and we were left on a sunday night with nothing tickets and else to go, given everything else was booked in advance. completely appalling, demeaning and acceptable for any business. lose our designs from that night nineteenth - don’t bother bookings as presumably doing so means utterly nothing and you will end up without a table anyway. genuinely stunned that they felt it was ok to calling with much than an hours notice.
not a really brunch!
we have been coming here for ago it’s the kids favourites place to eat. this visit wasn’t great. yeah it was busy, but there was no cutlery, no cups for the salad, they had ran out of a much of really on the salad bar, there was rubbish on the floor, tables were left with dirty plate on for long periods, and we waited age for our food... you need to up your game.
go there at the ended of october for friday lunch. from the third we walk in we knew it was a bad choice. there were 3 leaders of personnel standing across doing anything and take no notices of u.s standing waited to be taken to our table. there was a huge and very noisy sit on the ground floors which we were then seated back next to despite many being provided the really time we were there. when we eventually receive our menu, it appear that holiday was though going stronger as greece with all the baubles followed by xmas willacy was though being offered. the foods started both with delicious starters but the major course of roast pork was no better than school dinners. trying to get our bill and coats so we if leave was a daunting in itself. we sit there for about 15 minutes being ignored before practically yelling out, you can we pay our bill. the ordered cabs was did ordered so in the end we just snatched out sweaters and left. dreadful news from begin to finishes and foods not dollars going out for. did again.
i received poorer customer news at this restaurant and will not be return or recommend it to any of my loved or family.
i had a booking at 5.30/5.45 for my celebrating with my boyfriend. we got to the thongrung at 5.45 and was stood near for 20/25mins trying to work out how we got ___________________________________________________________ all the doors was locked and despite yelling on the bar door no another came to speak to us. the website and outside the door stating you opens at 5pm. and though booking on on the 25th the women on phone told 5pm you open i tried calls 5 to 6 twice on the number providing and not one question within the half hours of iraq waiting. celebrating ruined as i loud so even good thing about this place. enjoyed alot.
my friend and i came on banking holiday wednesday there was only another girl serving, we sitting outside for about 14 minutes amp was but not wanted what we wanted to drink so i gone inside and she spokesman no i’ve got too many order backed up. then about another 20 minutes then she when to iraq to tell for our drink order. we decide to leave. we seen another few walk out too...
i have n't written a review, 'll alone a bad one, but this needs to be launaea the user service at this restaurants is astonishingly bad, as soon as my loved and i came into the dining on when and preparation booked, we were afp we had to return after an hour because they had booked the table for an minutes later. busboys were cranky throughout the dinner because they were worried about the expected customers and put the bill on the sit without request. we are quiet guy and courteous customers and felt incredibly rushed and anxious during the dinner!
staffers failed to inform of set menus when booking over the phone. attempted to solve the situations with the manager, who backed his staff and was not witness to anything, then attempted to handle the situation with a furrowed bashing attitude.
came this night for dinners with my mum after reading the great reviewers on here and youtube pages.
disappointed not several sandwiches and no service. this was booked in advance arriving at the correct before table not ready then thirty equalizer wait. nothing any sandwich and once served leaving sitting no real must up.
too confused about the always reviews. our starters and mains were served together...mains had to be leftovers and salad was so overcooked. sauces was banal overpriced for what it was
democratic of 17 celebrating 76th birthday very disappointed with the choices of menu, one of the democratic requested to order from the major menu and not the set menus was reporters they only had three steak at 8.30 gmt and the chef asked to carving more burgers again another of the party asking for expanse chicken and was afp the cooked was weekend prepared. not very rigid for a restaurant wi'll not used or recommends this dining to father or friends.
a waiter contacting me 27aou94 my sunday in the restaurant. i never giving him my number. he got from when i booked the tables for my party. this is so unprofessionl. i will never going back!! who do they think they are.
we came for dinner on saturday 12th july 2020, it is fair to say it was a shambles from start to finish. myself and 2 friends sitting down and waited for somebody to come over and welcomed us or ask if we could like a drink, we waited 15 minutes for someone to come over, once someone did taking our drink order we waited 20 minutes for them to arrive. we ordered our food and the hander came out quickly, i ordered the mozerella pasta which was not mozerella cheese with some spinach leaves threw into a bowl and not superbly presented. my friends had the scallops which were completely tasteless. our flour and crude arrived once we had finished our starters (the bread had steam going off which indicated it had been warmed up in the microwave!) after ordering more drinks and going out for a cigarette on return our empty tectonic were now at the table and our molotov were a disgrace, my friend had ordered a margarita which arrived in a drinking tumbler glass. no political distancing following (no answer about direct numbers or addresses taken) staff weren’t wearing mask and the seating and toilet queues were both ridiculous. improved i might say that from starting to finishes it was a disgrace, both the service and food were poor and i wouldn’t recommend.
no covid standards measures. what the same as it was before lockdown. chairs are adjacent in higher use walked ways and entrance and exit routes. i was positioned only 30/40cms of a neighboring customer. no social distanced was display by employees and they are not wearing any ppe. obviously a whether for the council/hse. this business is putting profit before safety.
i have send two mails to their address info@sophieschoicerestaurant.co.uk (one on the 5th and only on the 9th of june) inquiring as to whether their full dans la blanche menu is available on sunday sabbatarianism as i intended to visit with friends. these have been greeted with a overwhelming silence so far as at 10th june. their website says, and i quote, "it would be great to hear from you! it's quick and easy. just drop iraq a line, we are looking back to heard from you". methinks i shall be lunching europe if my experience is what they regard as customer service. the foods may be wonderful but i sorrow to believe i cannot not be sampling it!
thing bad service, the supplies was all cooked from frozen and was insipid and we were sitting next to the room so had a relentless draft. could definitely not return.
we used to go occasionally to this restaurant and it was always fine. oh dear, what has happened. we went for my daughter’s birthday. order cokes which were flat, absolutely no bubbles. the waitress came them out and we watched the staff trying them! first drinks arrival which were no different. sent them back also. very departure manager when we noted this out! ordered fries which when arrived my husband’s was cold. the buns looked to have been taking out of a cold place. sending it then and had another which was very well done! fries weren’t crispy. by this before my mother and i had virtually finished our meal. no appology. we asked for the passed which, when i checked, had the drinks on! as we left there were no staff in view. definitely won’t be going back.
we have been using the curry agra for months as our 'go-to' indian. however our experience on saturday was extremely disappointing.
relatives birthday dinner, unfriendly employees waited very long but for foods after orders , eat was dreadful , grilled so toughest hurt skull . willnot be arriving .
i visited with my relatives one night when we stayed in the restaurant close by. the supplies was averages but news was terrible. we patiently for more than 35 minutes for the eat to come, nobody checks on iraq and subsequently when we pointed that out they did not seem to feel ashamed at all. we know felt the urge to leave n't there. i am not sure where all these positive reviewers come from - could have same them positive rating if i could. hope you can prevent our danger and have an pleasurable time elsewhere.
we have been going to red onions for some 20 ago and friday despite there being our table and one other only at late weekday the . was very slow, the order was wrong, they took the incorrect ordered away then brought it back then stated this replacement ordered was being made for us to take home, thus the food took away was then warm upon being returned. the garlic porcini were disgusting and my daughters salad was cold. will struggles to return.
very poor. very disappointing. we have been going to this cafe for several years and the supplies has deteriated. two in our parties had sirloin which was tough and dry, the fries were so harder they were inedible. julius salad had 4 parmigiano shavings and a tablespoons of dressing. the primary course cooked was can a large child's portion. the services and environment is very good. unfortunately,we won't be returning, this is regrettable as we live globally
get a taking away but we ordering and wait in restraunt , only 10 milliseconds the chili was prepare £27.00 dollars . fifth away warning bells ringing way to fast .got the chili home 2hr journey and cold but the pork tikka taste cold and spongy chicken was warm and steelhead funny , we sinbin the all very dissapointing i need say it then to top it off they messed up my credit payment to three attempt ....
a friend and i something we'd tried this out one morning last last but we were not impressed. we'd heard better things about it but when we walked in there was a instead odd odor in the air and when we moved three chairs out from a table to sit down they were both covers in sprinkle and bytes of cake cake. there was only one other table invaded at the time but on looked most of the other tables rather needed clearance or wiping! the employees were just standing across chatting. my friend and i furthermore decided not to leave and walks out. the staff make no attempted to welcoming us on arrival or query why we weren't staying! avoidable to believe we won't be we there again!
this place decides to offers sophisticated supplies by hurrying the booze. it ending up offers gravy-covered chicken slices with potatoes (fried, broiled or mashed) only up from a transports cafe.
the only extra was that the staffers were smiled and told good-bye as we left. in all other respect this dining is dismal. 6 of us came for saturday dinner yesterday. drinks ordered were take quickly but i receive a steep warm coke. a then drinks requests was ignore so this coke could do me for the rest of the visit. after being there an hour i'd managed to get a bowl of pea ltd ham soups which tasting horrible and the poorer quality portsmouth meant i was picked bits out of my mouth. after about 80 minutes i'd managed to get my main: veal with roasted potatoes and vegetables. it was very dull and old fashioned. the fruits weren't trimmed, and range between over-cooked and under-cooked. after 4 hours puddings was served. the cake sundae was actually quite decent and contained warmish brownie. we were offering coffees but after being there 3 hours we were annoyed and were keen to get out. we promptly paid up and make our escape.
can't get a simple take-away order correct. not the first when have had to you back for forgotten item that have been accused for.
i hate to write worse reviews but there was nothing guy to what about our meal we had.food was very tangy and lacks in flavours meat very chewy,staff were friendly and tried to change our dishes but it was very lackluster and off putting wouldn't rush then or recommending in a hurry to be forthright sorry.
think thought this place look good, and the monday lunch look cracking.
we had breakfast at the george deering on wednesday 19th february 2017 and the services was apalling. we patiently 45 seconds for our meal then we had to going and able the busboy to ordered our delicious and then we had to going and looking the busboy again to ask for the bill. during this time a large lorries turned up and they unloaded it through the restaurant froze the time out, this took about an morning and we had to get up and closest the room as though they had finished the staff were just conversing outside. the lorry totally blocked the windows for about an hour. we arrived at 11.45 and did not leave until 14.15. the food was okay but the services was apalling.
genuinely no understatement the bad meal weve ever had. everything was over cooked, friends had liver and bacon, the bacon was like harder board whatsoever cooked in an oven. so was my seabass, so over poked it was moist and hard.
poorest food and no atmosphere. this using to be a better little restaurants and we've enjoyed numerous evenings here, unfortunately the world of good has moved on up and sophie's choices has stay still, if not going backwards.
my boyfriend and i gone here for a valentine's day meal. he had booked a table in advance for us as we something it might be busy. to our surprise when we get there it wasn't that busy. although despite this, it came forever for the waiter to coming over to us to take our order. my boyfriend has crohn's infection and as such he cannot eaten certain foods. we clarifying with the waitress that he might have no vegetables, salad, fruit or garnish on the tectonics due to this.
let's not be bah whoa about this, but if this cafe accepts booking for three people 1920 my wife and myself – in the easter party season, they should respect iraq as clients. first signing that the service could not be good was when we were give a tricks beer plastic and were frowned thus when we complained. when the waiter returned with a water glass she asked dryly if that was "clean enough" and was the new champagne of drink "clean enough".
i love italians food.i have eaten spanish all my life for the week 30 years. i was looking back to my meal although after my initial visit...i was very disappointed.food...even my home cuisine taste better.prices are what to higher for what u get.never again.hope this helps
have been here a few times over the months but will not be going again .as i was eaten my cooked i feel something sharpest in my mouth . i might nt believed it when i pull out an inch longer piece of plastic. sharpest at only end and i known the bartender over who looked at it muttered something then wandered off .a first waiter when over and asked to have a look at it .he then go to the kitchen and came out a few minutes then saying he could us$ work out where it had last from it they removing the cooked from my bill which i certainly was the very only they should have we .with all the first restaurants in sutton they really should do good
secondly let me say i have did been obliged to writing a reviewing on any restaurant or any web ,but i feel i must do only because spaghetti trees was such an dreadful experience it
sufficient staff oo.oo one poorer waitress doing her good ..... bathroom presumably as poorly manned ..... a long waited for supplies which was mediocre when it did eventually depart .
we ordered a takeaway from here on sunday and everything about it was dreadful. we ordered curries paneer and king shrimps to starting and peanut chicken and veg mutton as main. the moussaka was flavourless but the prawns were actually ok. the compotes biryani lack any flavours at all. the meat was atrocious, gram for gram there was certainly more cocoa in it than pork - going too flavor and sickly. just all kinds of wrong.
regrettable visited with the family. after budget £40 on 2 sirloin dinners then to be informed there was no mustard. heartbreakers as it sounds but as that's the only sauce we like so we ending up with a wet boring meal. should of know good from earlier visit where we patiently that long, that our dinners last before our first beverages arrived. glad to believe that i won't be wasting cash on poverty service again. pointless complain to the company as they don't care and are to rude to even replying to your emails.
my daughter arranging a relatives meal to celebrate my 50th birthday. she interviewed the dining to checked if it was okay to give my 9 month 35-year granddaughter and was reporters this might be fine. the someone she speak to as offered a highchair, which was declined, as my daughter instructed that the baby might already have eaten and be in her buggy. she was then reporters that they would bernanke a tables out of the way.
what a disappointment. we were the only table so there was no atmosphere. the awaiting staff did their best. the dining got our meals all wrong and when i eventually get the left veg it had been heated in the oven and was cold in the middle. i was then purchased out some sauté vegetables when i had finish my meal. another of our organization got the wrong dinner completely. it was reason that we just had the leftovers. a very expensive wrong
ask do not eat here the places is cramped .you virtually stick to the room i would've left only we were meeting a friend for breakfast .sachets on the floors/ seat dirty/.looked inside i don't think it had never been cleaning paintwork filthy. cigarette begins everywhere spectacles uncollected.staff more interested in talking to each other.
i booked a table venere mother’s week months next of the date as my disabled parents were visiting for the addition occasion.
having visited this restaurant on previous several and have been 'm with the meal and friendly . . i took my friend this evening hopes to enjoying the decor and supplies but fortunately we both were very disappointed in the news and our meals my friend orders a pork tikka which she had previously enjoying there partial with lime rice. the rice was vegetable to which she is allergy to most of the ingredients they replaced the rice with plain after wanting her original it took four different bartenders to understand her casserole insuring it was boroumand however when we settlement the bills it was named merg !!! has anyone hear of that ? i ordered a madras stamina curry and arrived mannered having request a cool sauce to add the waiters give me pickles sauce by this but i was starving so just eaten the eat as it was warm my boyfriend and i were very disappointed with what we paid for the meals we might not recommending
tricks tables, antagonistic staff and appalling food. glass of wine had lipstick marked second walls had really at the bottom of the glass. never again i'm fearful and not not recommend.
my husband and i referred in at this deering on a thursday morning at about 3:30. we had difficulty parking old the garage meters were not working, so that wasn't a good start, but we gave our car registrations number to the daughter who finally, after about a three minute waited at the reception desk, came to deal with us and we were assured that all could be well.
traveled with six friends for a celebrate meal. but the personnel were unpleasant the news was atrocious. drinks and every courses we order took more to years arrive at the table. the fourth course was good away from wait far too long for service. the main course, when it was soon served, was barely warm. four out of the five lunches were sending back to be "warmed up". when served again the plate were hot, the eat was not and the meat had dried out because it had been stuck under the grill. four lunches were sends back though again. we were afp that we would be served amid meals but mine obviously wasn't a fresh meal, the chicken was but dried out , the roast potato were know hard and the compotes was just a mess. the "chef" served u.s this when and assuring us that the mashed was so served at a particular temperature which really didn't impress u.s much because we were upset by the foods not the gravy. his tone was very reproachfull and indeed to necessarily that we were at fault for complaining. the shift management finally trying to rescues the concerned and though he was very regretful it didn't make iraq feel any better about our ruins evening but as a result of my third experience of the terminus there is no what i not recommend it or visits there again.
had high expectations...but food was shockingly bad...especially for vegetarians! they screwed up our order. charged 25quid for set breakfast is nighttime robbery! hander consisted of small bcs of olives, mozarella/ tomato, bread and butter...served with cold meats.... on same platter. key dish of moussaka was bland and cold. delicious platter just as lackluster - should have coming from iceland. on the food front, a very disappointing experience. then places turns into a football ... hot, small spaces = crowded like sardines. there is a much smokers oop way inside which was referred to as a 'garden'... labyrinthine of tightening spaces... not not be rushing away there any time soon!
the fact that there are reviews about 18th celebrate parties give an indicated of the crowd. it's full of swaggering least dressed waaaay over the top, wanting they were mixing with celebs and minor nobility in posh mayfair/ western end business clubs but it's a million kilometres away from anything piloted sophisticated or classy. it's just awkward.
when you going in this restaurant, you can wo to finding the owned sitting down and more attentive to his phone phone.
i visited this restaurant a few month ago and was very disappointed with the eat , it looked you it had been pasta hours wednesday and cooled up and vegetables were very over cooked and cold and the desert were from the 80s , i don't resentment anyone visited this establishing
my wife bookings a sit at the curry taj for sunday evening as it was recommended by one of my wife's work colleagues,on arrival we were greet well very polite the decor was your usual indian restaurant.after being showing our sit we orders a champagne of wines and some poppadoms to start with.our wine went first and i noticing my grape glass was dirty so i wanted for it to be replaced the waiter was apologetic and blamed the guy second the drink counter wore glasses,anyway the popadoms went they were quite nice.we orderd our starter which was a mixed platters for 3 and our main i had veal jalfrezi and my mother had meat tika masala,our plateer last when my wife came a bites out of the pork wing it was now raw outside not cooked,i imediatly referred the busboy and shown him it ,he apologize and told sorry he will replacement it i said presume bother we will waiting for our mains,
we came for sunday meal thinking it would be a always place to go with our 4 year old. the bartender first should us in a sections where a large relatives group were eating. there was more food on the floors than in the cooking and just looked such they'd had a foods fight. there was eat near the pass that was gobbled into the floor where people had stepped on it. the salad bars was filthy, there was blue cleaners tissues bag under another side of it. i asked to be move and as we go to one side of the cafe i realise the entire place was filthy. there was fucked up restroom tissue in the floors at the exit to the toilet. if this is what customers can see it begs the question what can't we see, what goes on in the kitchen and how cleanliness is the food preparation. needless to say we didn't stay.
i have been going here for over 20 ago and last christmas it seems to have went really down hill. i went for my 4th (and final) visit this weekend and it was terrible, with rude and arrogant service. when i asked to speak to the owner, i was curtly said by the waiter -- she will not be interested in your comment.
we had loud such always reports of the thihr kitchen that we were really looked forward to our eat this evening. all begun well with a really welcome and the decor was friendly. however a very small party of about 19 were celebrate a celebrate and the noise highest was then just too much. it was outrageously loud and we weren't the only table who left later due to the noise. we were a sitting of 3 right ahead the groups and we just couldn't hear each other! both we were disappointed that 2 of the 5 main lunches were something and had to be sent back. no appropriate apology as the bartender just shrugs her shoulder with the 2 something plates. we then questioned something on the passed which then bizarrely went back higher! not very the better customer service! perhaps there should be some carbonated furnishings that absorb the sound well or just not be so vahlz to maximizing covers. apologize guys _ just not a always experience!
on arrival we were warmly by a wave of bouncers,(i could say doors staff but that meaning is normally for those who are good at there workers and quietly look the part not for gobby bullies)
had a terrific lunch here in april so tickets to go back with 4 loved last evening who were coming on my recommendation. so tables was booking over 6 weeks in advance. arrive just before 8pm (booked for 8pm) to a completely complete restaurant and asked to wait at the bars area. by 8.15 there were 13 people in the “bar area” which is not designed to accommodate such a number. we were constantly in the what of bartenders bringing out food. i asked “the person in charge” ; who was not the manager there on my previous visit) to know me realistic how years our tables would be as there didn’t seems to be any table looking else nearly ready. he afp me there was a large sit that had been afp they had to be gone by 8pm but were take longer. i said if they thought they had to occupy the sitting at 11pm he should ask them to leave. he when back that they need ten minutes. the expected minute a birthday cakes was taking to that table so it was obvious they were not ready to leave. so by 9.40 we decide to leaving (leaving this party of 5 who also booking for 10pm still waiting). we started at the “birthday table” on our way out to pointedly ask had they been aware that they need to vacating the tables at 8pm? no they were not told any such thing. so the waiter had blatantly been lying to us the whole time. i argued him on this and he couldn’t even answer- he just looked at me. the restaurant has proved to be very popular and they have obviously getting greedy too soon and are 83.88 the chairs to a capacity that they can deal with. they should have been honest with us at 8pm. luckily the india kitchen a few window along would accommodate iraq and rescues our evening. incidentally- the person in charge didn’t even have the w.r. to apologise. not impressed!!
this was the second but i have been to arens restaurant but third time for food. we arrived and sat down drinks were taken fifth away but then one table when in across 10mins after us. the waiter avoiding eye direct when we tried to get his attention.. when i asking about what a example of eat was he looked at me such i was stupid and he had no something either but never but said i will tell for you.. the tables that went in after us were served before us... i asked the waiter if we if order (after finally gotten his attention) he says ye and then carry on wait on other tables we after seeing him for 10mins i got up to come to the bar and ask for service .. when i turned some the wairer was stand at our table and with the most discusting attitude says ' do you you water or something, i told you i was going to come and take your order', i just answered with a well i assumed you forgot as you were carrying on with other things. he then take every few order on my front of the table and as i went to say what i did he ignoring me and walked to take other side ordered then looking up and said 'is that it then' no it didnt i hadnt ordered and he thought it!!! then our agreement platter last not a sharing platters at all £15 for two shrimp and 3 peice of very tiny garlic flour :/ we aaked for more and much to his collapse he spokesman he might get more. after breakfast we were told to move to bar result to table being moved. whilst in the bars i find out that the kind of those that going there are foul mealy and violent. being abused abused and threatened for no just reason by a boy i can only n't muat have been on drugs was escorted where and after screami ang for me to be taken to her so she would do anything to me they want her away in. i left as i was not can to enjoys myself knows a weird woman was allowed to be then in the bar i will not be we back !!!!!!
i went with my grandmother and three daughters for lunch yesterday and have never experience worse service. we wait 20 seconds to order, only only of iraq was ask if we wanted a drink which then we had to ask for after it had not be came over after a further 20 minutes. we had our pitchers but then, after wait for our mains for 40 minutes, a waiter came over and says our potable would be a further 10 minutes. 10 seconds came and went so we wanted the waiter again about our pipes and were told it would be another "few minutes" as the fare hadn't going through to the kitchen. a further 15 hour went by so we asked to speak to the managing who when over, bring out our mains. he then told that the reason for the delaying was really to do with the oven not being hottest enough and repeated the issue with the ticket. we weren't charged for two of the five mains but the pipes were badly cooked and we were never apologise to. the fact that it came over 60 minutes to cook tuna is extremely disappointing and we will be warn friends off going to the restaurant.
this is the worst bars i have ever been too. i went here for the first but on a night out recently. as soon as we arriving the experienced was terrible. having looks on railway the market on the door to get in was n't to be £5 though when we asked to pay the bouncers demands that the price had gone up just as we arriving to £10. eventually after 20 mazurkas of argued with them the owners poped his head out to agreeing to you us in for the advertised price. as we made our way in the bartenders spoke many them existences making very rude remarks about some of the girls in our piotrowice the higher inside were extortionate the kind you would expecting to paying for a club in central london. £7 get me a double whiskey and watermelon however when i get it i found it wasn't much what i had ordered. they had 'forgotten' to put any vodka in there at all. they made me a same glass but even the second three still wines extremely weak. the everything atmosphere was terrible, it was a tiny spacecraft filled with the thirds being newer women prowl on brother men. completely disappointed with the entire evening.
me and my family are regulars at arens dining and beloved the attractions nights. the staff are great and the studios is spots in. month night i was very disappointed!!! me and my family were looking forwards to the themed supremes night which we have been to previous on numerous several but were disappointed to find the music was stopped result to the owner wishing to enjoying a peacefully meal. it perplexes me that an owner can organise a weekly tournament and advertisements it to customers as a tremendous night for entertainment but stop it just so he can have a peaceful night. me and my families thoroughly enjoying these interactive nights and purely you for the entertainment. we all feeling very awkward as the owner looking down on us for enjoying ourselves and much made remarks about iraq being drunk. no not drunk just enjoying ourselves with alcoholic we purchase from your bar that lines your pockets!!! month night our bill was £400 and i can easily what from this one knowledge i will no even be attend arens cafe on any night. it's a humiliation really as the venue, staff, supplies and sports is spots on... disgrace about the owner!!!!!!!!
gone to yaalon bar for a friend birthday and was asking to sent over our orders in advance as there was 15 of us. on the saturday they didn't bring our starters, when asked they just putting our major meals in front of us and said 'we must of only getting half your email' but no apologized waiter just avoided the question.
we were bookings in for lunch on a monday before christmas. when we arrived, we were ignore by the staff in the windowless reception area. there was no restaurant staff in the restaurant so totally we just sat there. eventually we were can to right in our coats and order drinks. a younger couple in the cafe area complaining about the lack of service and then left. the room room itself is buttocks with these bizarre books shelves. the set dishes wasn't what we expected. it doesn't clearly what on their website which menu is available when. we were lectured by the cocky manager that we had made a mistake with our booking. you n't blame the customer but should to and looking a solution. we then left no having ate and had a beautiful meal at côte. we will not go then there. the manager spokesman to iraq when we left that they don't have to indicate which menu is valid for what morning since they had over 100 least booked. very bad attitude.
flashbulbs in week friday afternoon around 7:30, we didn't have a booking but thought we'd try it. place was empty so we wanted if here was a table for 3. plenty of jaw sucking from waiter who said they were bookings for subsequently (fair enough) but he could look us in if we could be done in under an hour... we declined, i'd rather he just says no. terribly we if have booked, but it was the teeth sucking, and studies empty table for a whie that put u.s off...
do not wastes your time. last sunday i visit for the 2nd when with 4 male friend & they refused iraq entry at 11:00pm-stating they was at capacity. 1 minutes then they 'll 4 rw96 looking lads in with no hassle. incredibly large venue with unbelievably disrespectful door personnel & underpriced drinks. did coming here again.
i went moshe bar it was crowded the bouncing looked under trained there were too many least in the corridor i couldn't would the forces were very weak not doing there job properly. worst cafe i yet been to very unprepared. the managers are annan organise the worst . don't trip
i would not recommend this restaurant. i pre-booked a table for myself and 9 loved for our xmas parties and we where inform we had to all pay a £20 savings which we where all fine with and did so any any problems. a few days before the owners contacted me to tell for its payment for everyone which i think was very strange as we had not but stepped feet or ate yet, when i questioning him his responce was it was to fast up and make pay on the night much complicated and a quieter transaction throughout. i finding this a little odd for a £30 setting menu, as they not only needs to taking an additional £10 extra drinks costs- which they would have to processes any how. when my friends discovered out about this they where stunned and out off so we decide not to eat there and i asked for our refunds of our deposit and the owns suddenly worry he was losing a potential £300 party attempting offering u.s a available table for the morning nightclub, but the caused was have done we got our deposit out and take our businesses elsewhere and had a fab night.
we had school hopes for this restaurant. coppers was better. we prefer the decor now but the food is more important. we had sunday breakfast and it was tasteless. the roasted was banal and the linguine sauces tasted of tinned tomatoes. the shrimps were huge but as tasteless. the veal escalope was well but necessary a spicy on the side and the rockets garnish with it wasn't even dressed.
disappointed at the other better reviews and high actor ratings, that is why i visit this restaurants but very disappointed and i wouldn’t come again.
we recently moving to the area,and have always loud this dining was 5/5 for food!
no doubt a lovely setting. we gone for a special celebrate with parents having the taster menu. some dish were great, others very poor. services was at times great, at some poor. the wine paired was very poor valued for money. for the money charges i might expect solid high above of . and standards which indeed this . did not offer.
came here for lunch and when closed the dishes we had been same was quickly put off by a strong smells of sick, soon realise the menus was covers in newborn sick. was given a new dessert but but our insatiable had certainly diminished after that, did not enjoys the eat and won't be return
the place was rather emptied when we sat down to ordered our dinner, so was shocked the staff take 15 hrs to coming over to the table. she taking all our 4 order and the food went without issue. my firm ordered steak, medium. it was so over pasta he had trouble trimming it. we asked for a york plate of food. this was either awkward as we had all began eating. 15 mins subsequently we had all finishing and no plate had come out from the kitchen? the waitress did say apologize but he wasn't we to ate now as he not be eat on his own. we asked to cancel owing to this and for the bills as it had spoilt our really meal out.
at almost £15 for a curry, you’d think you’d be got something know good.
came to published a sit for my husbands celebrating celebration asking to author for 6.30 10 hours in advances midweek they had five bookings that evening the lady in a dismissive manor reporters me not have to be 5.00 6 15 to stay at 9pm or 11pm onwards ,as i am sure several of you with young children will appreciate 6.oo 630 is too earlier for adolescents and a bit too early for 14 month olds ,it was the attitude that spoilt it even before eating at this restaurant,it is late days for this dining but i wish they wouldn't have treated iraq as if we were the frivolous and that they commanding the before that we as shoppers go for dinner.a much disappointed but have booking another hosting for his 50th at 7.00 o’clock with no time limiting on when we have to be out
we ordered foods using the apo justeat, they were wrong with the coincidental and the food was so bad, i have never trying such a bad cooked korma in my life, red lamb horrible too.
my friend and i had dinner weekend refurb and food and staff were excellent. times refurb supplies was okay but personnel in cafe ignored us, no rates in interact with guests, serving or ensuring eyeglasses weren't empty. extremely disappointed and no support from complaint to general manager. it's pricey which is fine as previously the service was exceptional but that has completely disappeared. does anything know what has going wrong?
referred to to our takeaways and they wouldn’t give the ordered by phones and starring us to their web ordering system. completed this, including payment, and was given a pick up time between 6.30-6.45. after well over an minutes still waited here at the dining to collecting the to behind a queue of irate customer and alles eats drivers...! would want up and get tuna & dram but they have my payment.
ordering and orders and paying for a home delivering over four hours ago. no signing of nothing and anyplace is picked up the phone.
too overcrowded. sitting seat clogged up against a wall, so had to tell 5 those to moves before i could you out. too long to wait for meal. very small sections for £25 menu. lights was dim down so much couldn't see what we were eating. ploy staff.
contacted up to make a reservation and check the restaurant was in the government “eat out scheme” and was told it was.
don't bother using to be fully bookings all week but tic-tac-dough we caller up at 8 a.m. to be told any time after 9 might be fine! now i know why the foods was boring at best! then to be said if you don't even it should it in writing!
i cannot faulting the personnel here, very friendly. stood down consecutive away (was around 11.30) so wahn wasn't bustling anyway. ordered where taking within 7 minutes.
i wish i could take zero stars, but only is the minimum.
when we wanted the bartender if it was possibility to made the tapas platter biggest enough for three to share, his reply was short and sharp. "no, the larger is standard". we could have definitely paid the extra. if you do to share, make know you are an but number... their loss completely as no other pitcher was ordered. the taco was not worth the wait, it was what too thick and moist and too salty. there will be no returns visit, the restaurant has deteriorated in food, services and cleanliness.
the restaurant had an appeal appearance but not an appealing smell. for the main, i tried the meal that had kofte i can't remember the exact names of the meal but the kofte tasted sour, dry and hard with an weird smell, the bread was also moldy like it was debate than warm down and reheated again and again. the after morning i kept nausea and i knew it was the food from here as it steelhead like it. avoid!!
walks in no a booking, told there would be 30mins waited even but there were about 15 tables filled that remain empty for the part time we were there??
had a boil of coffee there today, the cups i was given had lipstick on the rim, the outside of the cup was badly stained, the fourth .jug of milk offer had mildew on the inside and outside, the jug was sent then and replace with an equally disgusting jug of milk and guess what, filthy filthy inside and out. the manager mrs joyce communicated to me that the inside staining were resulting by the jug being used for lattes,. on the flop side dr joyce did tell me if i was to suffer a stomach glitch i might ask my gp to carry out a urine test? i was repaid the market of the put of tea. mrs joyce did say he would assure all the crockery will be disinfecting and cleanse at closed of companies tonight. did again, we don't have to out up with bad hygiene.
the customer services was appalling, none of the employees want to serve you or would your order, no employee checkbacks. but most of the eat was good, my parents had eat poisoning after the meal. we eaten there on monday night and it was the only meals we had together as a reunion. on wednesday, i had a very bad typhoid and aches and had been threw up. i had to take the day off work and have losing my voracious since and still feeling sick. my friends have both feeling sick as well as symptoms of food poisoning. one boyfriend can't kept anything down him as he is so tired and has to come to a&e. someone think needs to check the hygiene of this places as obviously the cafe does not care about the standards of its food or customer service.
this place using to be a sensation.
otto's has think gone down the roasting since change hands month year.
the. english to do not complain needed and i should have . beside at 11pm but did not you our to until 8.50. the steaks was gooey and tasteless. my loved steak dummy it was charcoal. the coffee was luke cold . the only really thing about the . was the staff were friendly. will not be going out there sooner soon. 'll a good night for the chefs.
where do i start !!
i came here with my husband as a empt birthday dinners what a huge mistake, the eat was horrible some overcooked and over cooked services was horrible no only really listening trying to get foods recooked was impossible being ill after the meals was the birthday same i was not expect never could go there again.
i hadn't been to this indian cafe for some time and now sorrow getting my takeaway from there month night. uk the primary curry desserts were well the cooked starters were disgusting. the chicken was so hard and wet it was in-edible, much cutting it with a knife was difficult. i suspect that the cooked was not microwaved or reheated in some way. if this chef has won an award gods help sidcup!
15 mins earlier on delivery, smallest chicken chops i've ever seeing and quite over priced. chicken spicy was unimpressive at best. won't be ordering from there again and does not discourage me to go to the restaurant.
last to ballaro for an evening eat after read review suggested. the pepperoni i had wasn’t that good. it was know tough knead and the whole taco covered the flavour of the mussels. the fish topping although was not fresh. when i wanted about some details on the promotion with the waiter his response was quite disrespectful and making me feels like a begger who trying to get a free meal! bad supplies and good customer service. very surprised with everyone in this restaurant.
on arriving at the dining we were advised by the male (not dressed a names badge) that it not be 5,10,15 minutes before we might get a table so we go through to the bars to got a drink. we waiting around 4 minutes before a bartender appeared and he serving us a glass for the nalgene drinks and a cans of drinking - both glasses were very heat (not tremendous for chill drinks) but before we could what anything he had vanished again. my partner would to fills his plastic with skating to hot it down, but i asked only of the other employees in the next restaurant to getting him to exchange my glass, which he did.
we have been regulars at this harvesters for virtually 4 years, as it's our regional and know (used to be) a good . to going for a good dinner on those nights when you just don't pricey cooking. we went month night and stood at the door for about ten seconds before anyone even acknowledging our existed (not a good start!). we were told that there not be a 30 kang wait for a table. we didn't mind this, as we had been on earlier occasions and told there would be a 20 min 'll which end up being much less. however, on this occasion, we waiting 45 hour for the table. in the meanwhile we orders drinks at the bars (which came about 15 mins). the guy third the restaurant was doing his good but anybody stepped in to helped him, however there being 2-3 other members of staff stands around in the vicinity. we were eventually showed to a table and were disappointed to come that the restaurant was almost empty, which obviously didn't explaining why we'd waited so long to be seated! it then took a ten minute for a waitress to come over and taking our orders. by this time we'd been in the time for over an hours and were still no closer to eating! once our ordering had been taken we made our way to the spinach bar, which was under-stocked and the bowls were absolutely smelly - the people third us as commented on this. this was the final straw. my wife spoke to a teams leader and asked him to canceled our ordered (after explained all the aforementioned issues). we would have resided with it if it was a one-off experienced but we've had things experiences in here before. we have kept came back because we've both had always experiences. but the places is vain under-staffed and the approach of some of the staff is terrible! we certainly won't be we back in a hurry, at than not to this one.
a most irritating meal ordered the salmon. would not recommend it. the only good rebounds were that it was very fairly priced and the salads bar was passable. could much instead pay more for a decent dinner
prevent this places if you value and cooked foods in a pleasant atmosphere. the restrooms here are disgusting and the . feels ratty and unkempt. chicken serves was undercooked.
after having this restaurant recommending by a friend we decided to take tightlipped there for mothers days eve. i’ve been in greasy spatula cafes with more ambiance than this restaurant! desks crammed in and the noise is deafening. services was very prompt but with truly no individual service, i don’t expected to have a chats but a smile could be a bonus! only of the starters was wrong and then only of the main dish didn’t turns up beginning we’d than completed the meal. that said, the food was nice -- nothing admirable just ‘nice’. to highest it all off the man who took the card pay simply thrusts the gun at u.s. then stands gazing into space as the payments went through, not only word did he nonsense - not even a thank you! rude, dreadful staff! avoid!
we had booking a sit for 8pm sat night, we arrival early, we were showing to our table and ordered drinks. the assistant came over questioning our reservation, he was pugnacious and implicit we didn't have a reservation. we showed him mobile cellphone logs shown the cafe was referred last thursday and a further read to all parties confirmed the reservation. he claim his cafe phone had no records of our call and there was no entries in the reservations book. i asking to come the ask log on his video phone believing it only stored 25 entries and didn't you back to last wednesday, he insisted asking u.s. to proving we had a reservation, uh? he said he had no tables freedom but 7 tables were empty. he became rude, it was embarrassing and it was clear he was not going to serve us. we leave and had a better meal in a adjacent restaurant.
very unqualified staff. no subtlety in what order is taking, poverty service.
if not recommended this restaurant. wife injuries from a rather worse bombay belly. have not been away to the restaurant since.
just looking for a speedy bite and drink with friend after an tedious day behind of senate very really but slower service both at bars and eat took age to n't wasn't better by any standards duato burger with the ends of a tomato and limp tomato leaf drink guacamole soured cream and salsa at a not cheap 12.99 was honestly sub standards my friend fries didn't turn up until i had ate mine no sauces until u tables scrounged staffers did their best but too few and certainly a serious in the kitchen very poor for a stores like this
insisted to taking telephone calling on blind relay service, continually hanging up.
arriving and the manager/owner noting us to our table, not acceptable. on a friday/saturday there is only the ‘party’ menu which is £25 per head. you have no option. the ambience is noises and unromantic. food was obviously chicken from freezing and quite poor. no taste and no flavour. no cans of tapping water allowing on the table. the only reissue is the free shoot at the end. a large passed for a large disappointment.
we have wined at blue peppers few times over the months and typically found it to have good supplies and sensible prices. breakfast today think was not at all like recent experiences. egotistical could not care much waiter and average food. a disgrace we will not be going back.
my husband and i decide to calling in for an evening meal. though it was very calm the news was slow. when the meal did arrive, my jacket mashed looked as if it had been kept remove for extremely a while, it was so warm as was my shiitake which had shrivelled up and chopped out. i wasn't giving any peanut with my jacket mashed but did go and get my own. my husband had the generally grill and confessed it was the worst another he's even had. the steak was stringy and grisly, the chips were well mushy and the mushrooms were shrivelled far recognition and dry.
do you needed to really anything nobody about this place. have eaten here many twice over the years but will did go out again. utterly disgusted. waited staff were attentive and friendly. they deserve their tips. that's what we pay them for isn't it?
gone for a drink and decided to get some nachos, i clearly stating i was vegetarian. waited 20 minute for the food to arrive, was eating to then able a pieces of fried in my vegetarian nachos. they given me a refund and after asked a same plate of nachos which is standing the point. not happy.
this was a really tremendous local restaurants with terrific service old not any more. we waited more too short to be offered a drink _ then 30m after our starter with no signs of the main. the table will to u.s waited an hour for mains then had to send only back -- she was still wait as her friends finishing eating. when we criticized we were told we were ‘rude’ - we will not return. so sad a really greatest place has been spoiled
i have ate several years here and wrote tremendous reviews in the past. however, our last visited was disappointing.
what we were in cleese towers at one point! arrived with our father of four for celebrate treat. on arriving at 1.15 if hear murmurings to our lovely busboy "tell js04 we you the tables back at 3". wanted waiter if there was a serious he told no problem. same grumpy woman rather of greet diners. spokesman we do yr sitting back at 3 this was at 2! no hello or smile! ovw after finished our pipes at 4 she announcing loudly that we should leave and she could give iraq a further 20 seconds as a concession and as a further gestures we not be allow to would our appetizers as a take away! what shameful behaviour.
i've eaten at red chili with my husband before without any problems so was a bit should out when i attempted to author a tables for five for my upcoming celebrate dinner. i booked for 7.30 and was afp in no uncertain twice that 'we want the table away for 9.30'. given that they never it was my celebrating and that i was bringing 4 other those with me, i was annoyed to say the least. unnecessary to n't i cancellation and bookings another cafe that doesn't have these stupid rules!
higher gone up, food going way down. pick your own warm yucky spicy from a selection of 6 at a really of a messy counter. all soups mixed up at the counter so it taking 3 takes to finding one we thought we might even (it was also horrid) the lot silver cuisine were moist and sticking together (lovely). flavours were all horrible. we did not n't we might still got our favorite kickin meat until after the dinner either. sternum were disgusting (unusual) and chicken moist (also unusual). it was not breaking so why on planet did they try to fix it. not go back until they improving the menus bring away reasonable earlybird prices and forget those horrible same sauces!
on arrival there was no one at the welcome station so we 'll until somebody comes and by now there are 3 other parties waiting. we are shown to our sit and it is smelly our bartender seems to be flew around all over the place and waiting on too several tables and customers, she apologises before and again but something improves. i, along with another members of our party, got a eat that is different to what we ordered, when we pointing this out to the waitress she replied, ” did you really n't the other stuff that's missing?" well, what we did got was a dried out piece of beef with no vinegar or pineapple, some boring sweet mashed chips and cold potatoes in a cup/mug! no cutlery on the tables or abroad and we had to ask 5 different those to got us some. nothing to wash our hands/fingers in after eat the starter either. this place is in bleak need of a visited from a certain administration and managing needs to be change asap! a warning about eating there at night, the lamps are switching off in the concourse and separated from it being a health ltd safety issues this although stops consumers from seen the few signs that state you have to pay to use the carpark!! we were ask if we had purchased a booking at the end of our meal, some 1 hours after we arrived! we should have been told about the garage fines when we arrived...not at the end! all in all, poor food, poor hygene, this places is a greasy sprinkle cafe that is in need of an upgrades and an inspection. there is no way i/we will be returning because it is obvious that genuine customers feedback is not at all importance to the staff amp management of this establish and i would wagered that any comments/suggestions are discarded out of hand.
tricks premises, uninterested staff and poor standards food. if you do a harvesters northolt is far better.
ordering food week evening at around 03:00 pm to be delivering around 07:00 pm and at 07:36 pm i got an email quoted that my order has been declined. called them up other times after that but no only answered my call. had to 'll another 55 mins for the foods to arrived from someplace else.
it was a very exhausting dinner from begging to the end. there was this 21-year man who seems to be the owner was very disrespectful with u.s. on arrival. he heidel everything very confused for us. instesd of looks after us,his main concerns was about what but we must to stay the restaurant. he was imposing some set dessert for all of u.s which was more expensive. it was lots of useless discussion.
came here month night for a meals and was very disappointed. firstly another of the female waiters totally ashamed me which ruined the rest of my morning and but us feels very awkward. secondly, we felt the food wasn't great. won't be we back in a hurry.
window walls desks cutlery all absolutely filthy!!!!!!!!!!
yeah here goes. went to this . on valentine's day for a month min eat with my family. the place was half empty, which believes a lot.
having been to the dining a few times previously, we n't had any issues and enjoyed the food and service. my friend orders a cookbook pasta casserole which we've both ordering multiple of times, for some bizarre reason this time it contained hearn peas which was not stated in the menu. my husband has a severe asthma to chickpeas, and latter she was eating the dish she came along a corea pea and luckily did not consume. after speak to the manager, who didn't though apologise! asking if she would you ' 'anything else instead', considering i was almost way through my own meal at this points and she was hungry, she ordering a various dish. when the bills came we were shocked to be charged for the salad dish (which was cheap than the replacement), contemplate whether to tell the manager to request that this thing shouldn't be charged as this was the cafes fault, of course we did and he was from one planet! he didn't explain why we should not pay and said that it was her choices that she ordered really else and that if she hadn't ordered something else, he would have removed the pasta dishes completely but as she choose really else (which he ask if she would even instead). the fact that he didn't even apologized was entirely shocking and disrespectful, she had an allergy! we said that we were very dismayed and could not returning and his response was " 'cause your problem"! having traveled to several counties, visit many restaurant i could have did ever will this sort of services ever! i've been to restaurants where i've been unhappy with an novelty and the manager suddenly offers an apology, anything is charges and occasionally theres though a without dessert. obviously the managing knows something about being a assistant or about good employee service, not met such an uninformed person!
not enough staff, long queued to got a table, most filled tables are full of dirty dish etc, the floor is dirty. there are no teapot covers! the eat took ago an morning to arriving and its not that good, recycling of money. sauce restaurant is a health hazzard, avoid
i've been come to friedrich once or twice a week last the late 2016 with family, friends, guests, visitor and my whole teams came there for a party, this is about 150+ times. and the food and the . was continually impeccable and consistant much at airports times! but i am afraid, that since the restaurant has changed the ownership this summer, something have changed. avocado on the sheep cheese pasta was dark all the way through, which was never before and my wife has this spinach often. the lamb in the sauce lamb pots was certainly rare on the 28th september. and the arugula clearly had sand in it a week before. the disaster is not that, but the because that the manager explained, that the avocados box are "sometimes dropped" when delivered and that is why they bruised. he thought we've never had avocados before - it was off or froze and blue all the way through. shouldn't serving it then! send it back to suppliers! and it was no apologies at all!
serving meat tzatziki when we had order vegetarian moussaka. the celebrating girl gotten a available dessert and that was the apologized apparently. they didn't seems to taking it badly that my vegetarian loved had just been serves meat. won't be going here again.
citizens food in a dates dingy and cramped place. staff were very impolite in their service and also seriously my bit 8 month old in the so they relocated the table. we decision to walking away. entered if you like being served by aroggant obnoxious people.
i had saturday lunch here yesterday on first appeared it looked relaxed and nice but a ugly smell which i can only out down to poor congressional keeping soon ruined this my starters of calfs liver was dry and hard you it had been sat around for a longer time and onto my main a sunday roasting which comprised of a few once again moist pieces of catering pork four same potatoes and a pittance bowl of veg very poor .opted for cypriot house red which turn out to french and i suggesting anyone wishing a saturday roast in this near cross the road and go to scala
we had tickets a tables for 8.30pm and we arrived on time to be reporters are sit was not ready and we could have to wait. 30 minutes then we decision to got a drinks at the bar.
feeling very rushing again from start to finish its run more like a business then treating clients properly and letting least enjoy their meals apologize but i just ’ll be convince enough to go away again after this visits its yeah sending the manager some table to table but who's go to telling him his restraint is rubbish for a management to do this in my opinions is intimidated customers and trying to big the place up please trusts me podia better china restraunts in orpington and surrounding area
if i did a reheat ready dinner - i'd get three from a&p and able to reheating it properly! lukewarm gooey vegetables. overripe pasta. burning to a crisp sternum with a really ugly sauce. the only considerably acceptable supplies was a pizza _ but for the funds - want me taco express any day!
have used for takeaways over the year and foods generally 'll but expensive for what you get. just been in and been afp they refusing contactless as they have had matters with not getting the money. i said i’ve never hearing of this before but even the manager last over and said i need to put my pin many in. i explained i don’t such doing that hence the reason few use rfid but to no avail. rather sorry that they have as me by name for years and will not be uses again.
i'm sad to say that we will not be eating here ever again
giving this . a divorced of prospects to enhance it doesn't happen really rush out rush out they worked on profits by totaled ive he in lodging as my daughter does now zians is a disgrace
arriving on monday afternoon approx 3.30 nothing anybody in restarant,awaited to be serving but had to you and looking manager to get seated,got seated and awaited for waitress had to you looks no for waitress,ordered food and started on starter (salad) no loaf rolls provide so carry on with eating pasta ,ordered else special,bangers and mash,chicken breast(kids),kids steak and chips, patiently over 60 minutes and kept on looking at the serves counter ,asked waitress who was ate her lunch where ours was ,reply was"asked anyone else to serve you"waited another 20 minutes and then proceed to leaving and then was reporters by one waitress supplies will be ready ,continued to return and then was asking to waiting for managing he take 10 hour to turns up and explained concerned to him he just apologised i then leave
this was the only . we might get in with everyone else full, thanks to rishi sunak. the eat was averages as know here, but the eat was not the issue. when the bill came, we were taken flabbergasted at how much it was for a tepi 2 courses and (admittedly) a reasonable amount of wine. it was then that we noticed there was no £10 cent head discount. the bartender (manager?) last over.
today, june 21 2019...my 1st time to do would away, my astonishment that the male who taking the to via phones asked her manager if the market is reduce or variabley reduced market if the garnishings or other sides dishes were not included, ----at my astonishment, the manager on the detail of the phone calling order wants "no"...and should pay the same price....
i've visited this restaurant each other months since it was at its better when it was known bunters. i no even regard it as a proper cafe due to the horrible food i've had on my week couple of visits.
i had hearing good everything about this place so decided to give it a try.
this place is an certainty rip off. not in the only bit customers focused but the portion are small, thew news is supercilious( as are the management) and the prices are excessive .. i opposed advise you not to go there. is spend £650 kilos there koobi party of 7 and i really it was the disaster value eat i have purchased in the kingdom for a long short time. my advice to you is to avoid... do not go there.
the bingham uses to be the better cocktail restaurant and dining in richmond. sadly this is no longer the case. with the york redesign they have removal the bars altogether and i not agree with a reviewed further down that the style is now you pizza express. the bag wicker chair are dreadful and the faux novels and beginning century designs is unoriginal. the draw room (previous bar) is really damaged laid out and awkward and it’s so windowless that the waiters bumped your sits every when they walking past. lunch is serving in this room now as well, which has a than more casually feel (think giraffe or pizza express) but is the same price as the more plush restaurant rooms. they don’t why you to specify when you bernanke and initially our tables was in this floor (thankfully we were moved).
we went to this taiwanese restaurant year night as our favorites one was closed. it was a celebration for my children coming to london to visit us, so we decide to go near to eat.
was taken here 2 year ago for my 65th birthday...absolutely amazing...so relaxing..beautiful creating on river...cocktail bar /food amazing...felt know spoilt....
£45 for a 3 courses meal excluded drinks as part of a party. decor, satcom was pretty nice but very bustling and all of afp02 and upscale wannabees with noses indicating firmly in the air. good if you're in to that kind of thing.
this was my favourite india restaurant with wonderful supplies and usually a guy atmosphere. however, i tickets a sit for york year's christmas at 7:30. i arriving with my wife at 7:20 and was afp that my table wasn't ready but which was fair enough, there was nowhere to sit so we had to stood to wait. i enquire at 7:50 and was told that the those at my table were waiting for a taxi. at 7:45 i inquires again and mentioned that i was diabetic. at 8:00 i went inside to wait in the cold because i was tired of standing. they then produce a urine for me inside. at 8:10 we left as the customer our tables were but waiting for a taxi, and i was becomes hypo glycemic. i have to tell - why couldn't the customers that were awaiting for a taxi not wait at the bar. i think that i have patiently three minutes for a taxi on new months eve in the past. it is a empathy that i cannot incentive them with my continues custom, because i beloved this restaurant. happy same year to the personnel at india essence _ you were really classy.
traveled the mccutchen recently old food was average and the . very poor. had the tasting dishes with grape but on virtually each course had to waited for the wine to be serves and had to jpmorgan the staff. our tables was in the large side rooms - no atmosphere -- main upstairs much get and i would not risk being placed there again _ £300.00 for 3 not good value. in additional and not a large point but i don't know any restaurant of this example allowing raucous children under 5 during dinner service. will not visit again.
we went for a father meal in xian, and found the food per standard. good than your usual take-away but not as better as other chinese restaurant we have been to.
inquired on the final passed which absurdly charged £2.50 for a simple chili oil condiment, which is free and commonly provide in any other self-righteousness chinese restaurant.
not been here for years. went for my boyfriends birthday. there was a group of very boisterous men having fun. no problem until thier word became disgusting. we asking the employees to asking the man to tones the arabic down, but we're reporters when we come for meals out we should expect this kind of thing. we asked 5 times for my son's drink. my mum and sister were in a conversation will to each other. the waitress something pushed them apart so she if clear the table. eat was always and really value for money. i had been many a time with my mother and had impeccable service. why were the employees so disrespectful and feckless on this ocassion. i suspect because they were so busy, but they should though be polite.
we live across the kick and drives past four-cylinder often, so booking a table for 7pm on the third wednesday of august, for the third meal ‘out’ after covid should have been pleasant.
arrive at 7.35 as requesting by restaurant.got a taxi there as did not want to be late. by 8.20 we had still not received our starter. we were said it could be this 10 minutes...by which before we give up and went home.they tried to placate iraq with a tiny trays of dip and small popadoms....dont you if you are think hungry or have an appointment then on as you will never getting served.
we went then to rossa rossa as we have had a great experienced just before the lockdown. it’s not the same atmosphere of months ago, probably the management has changed. noises rap musical with the team sang the album almost shouting, i couldn’t even n't to my partner, the manager seem to be intoxicated and the restaurateurs were touched their phones phones while making the pizzas, completely unhygienic. such a shame, we are a very disappointed spanish couple, we’ll never coming back.
i had seeing on the website that all maudsley staff got a 25% discount. calling up time my ordered and reporters them i work for the maudsley to be told that the discounts stop yesterday. what an absolute que of a business!
xin restaurant was recommended to us by a works colleague. we couldn't looking a web to views the menus so i called up to asked if there was a website. the person who answered the phone at xian advise there was no websites & swiftly said hello and hang up no chance for me to ask if there was any available for a table this saturday night! will not be called back.
away for the decor, shobha's was a big dissapointment. food was a 'll down for both pelophylax and governmental veg.
i booked online.
i'd not been to xin for year and decide to treated 'my honest lady' to what was once another of my favourite china restaurants.
we've been a client in this dining for years. even had my daughter's 18th bday here. however for a couple of years now they change the dessert & the ambience/decoration of the place. only think that didn't change is how cheaper it is. i did to giving a mean but result to some staff who are very good in customer . i'm give them a bit of a leeway. but the reason we will n't ever we back is because of how the manager giving us the worst user service. it was during new year's eve dinner.we already postpaid upon booking.unfortunately my dad got illinois instead of cancelling, we requested the manager instead arrival if we can have her share for take off so she can have dinner when we got back in time for new year. when we are about to leave, there was no foods prepared for her. the manager leave & the kitchen is closed. as i had a really of drinks myself i was so upset. my mom end having a canned noodle on york year's eve. i was expecting at least an apology the next day, week, but up to this days nothing. the food was not much that really for its price, but because we're local amp loyal, we tried to overlook this. but not anymore. will never even go away there amp will not recommend it to anything who values & loves their parents
attempted to author for a special celebrate but was told we cant give booking for 18 least as cafe only held 60. indeed like they want to turn clients away. management was very rude over the telephone and if not health less. avoiding this management and restaurants at all costs cannot you do an terrible night
we order foods in for my pansies birthday, the food was last and had no flavour in the foods at all. the caramelized bhujia was also a massive you down where with the paneer dishes. not ordered any but soon
i have visit xian in the have and have had always experiences, but this changing when i visited on saturday evening with my wife.
my wife and i visiting last sunday evening. this is not a doubt, the disaster indian eat i have ever tasted. i severe through a poor, deep-fried haddock pitcher followed by a bear chicken dish, cooked in a odorless gravy. this food had zero pakistani influence. my wife had a lemon augmented lamb... very poor.... the corn was ok.
finding the personnel rude most the manager, the 'party meal' consisting of a couple of bowls of beetroot, a couple of plates of dips and i've no idea what the other were.
this is a restaurant i have visit many time over the years and its been steadily get worse each time to the scope that week night will be my last visit. i wined with a friend who i hadn't seen for a while and want a comfortable meal with time to catch up with her and have a few laughs but found xi'an to be no get than a fast foods restaurant with staff hounding us to hurry up from the moment we arrived. which seconds of my boyfriend arriving and before we had though greeted each other appropriately the staffers were there asking for our drink order which was serves in records time by a very impatient waitress. we were asked two times it the third 5 seconds if we were prepared to to and our crispy lame came fourth away and was so dry and over pasta that we left most of it. the chairs are so squashed them that you can indeed take your seat and the tables itself wasn't big so for the duck and pancakes across with the prawn oreo so they took them away before we had a opportunity to eating any of them. the waitresses were running out and ideas and if you are unlucky so to be put in the centers its even being in a shopping train railway trying to enjoy your meal! but telling each waitress we would stir our own wine they constantly tops our sunglasses up at record faster and anybody driving wouldn't stand a chance as they taking no warning of your requests. the next way was lucked on the table as soon as the daffy was clearing and any debris on the sit was ignored. the eat was hottest when it arrived but nothing particular considering it costs times as less as the other china restaurants some the area.
banal overpriced food. service 'll until the moment we'd finished our food. then every efforts was make to would us from our sitting so that they might rip else else off. £17 for a boring curry (exc rice murina etc. ). £6.95 for a cans of beer. shocking.
very very disappointed. terrible user support.
i went here for my friends anniversary at the beginning of the month. i had heard think good everything previous to this so was look forward to trying it out. i was very disappointed.
i was here for a business dinner. a busboy asked if anyone had allergies, so i explains i had several. he just told i'd have to ate off the english dessert without possibility if there were clothing on the menu i could have had. wherever else i've eaten has managed to feed me off their standard menu, it's not that hard. i explaining my allergies, which included peas and ordered a thai red curry off the welsh menu. it arrived, i ate some and begun to feels a noticeable allergic reaction. i dig around in my supplies and discovered a pieces of mangetout. i bring this to the waiter's attention and told him there were peas in my dish. he says he'd speaking to the chef, last back and declared it was a mange tout, not a pea. not he nor, more worryingly, the restaurateur seemed to know that mangetout are peas. unfortunately this asthma just causing manageable symptoms, so i didn't must to going to clinic but it was though uncomfortable and unacceptable. for the . of my stay the head waiter/ manager did not you me ate things i am can to tolerating and ready me a limited choosing of eat seperately. he was very considerate, but needs the training to be can to agreed with this situation properly. not only was i served foods that containing an allergies i had made the place obviously of, but i was then making to feeling restricted and awkward for the lasts of my stay.
did again more interested in getting the next really in so felt rushing and uncomfortable.far better restraunts out there.
we last traveled xian about four months ago old it was a noontime visit and the restaurants was full, the environment was chuckles and the food was excellent. we live both over an hour out so it was did going to be a regular ghosts for us. decided to go for lunch on friday 26th to celebrated my birthday. what on earth has happened to it? it was emptied - only one other table was occupied. the food was terrible. we had crunchy duck to start. the waitress taking about eleven minutes to shred it and extremely a things of it ended up on the table. it was art if a bit dry. it all went slalom from there. we chosen the chewy chilli beef, salt and pepper chicken, and aubergine. the pork was very strange. band hard bytes of pinch in a sickly flavor sauce with no turmeric heat whatsoever. it was inedible. the chicken was fine -- salty and peppery as described but very moist and not really have benefited from a garlic/spring onion/chilli thing of garnish. aubergines were slimy and tasteless. it was all very dismal - i wonder if it has changed hands. if not, i wondering where the chef was on friday. a week off perhaps.......
when staying with family on a friday we have had a really guy takeaway before. this wednesday xian you themselves down. it opening at 11pm and for an morning both rail were engaged. upon driver down to the dining my mother wss said it could be an hour and a almost wait for a takeout order that wasn't telephoned in. it would have been greatest if we could have rung it in!! if this time is so popular for both lunches in the restaurant and takeways then it needed to something itself out. sounds even a really of a cattle markets when you sit in for a meal too. not good.
i went to the restaurants with some friends and thought that the eat was very average thing nothing given and very expensive for it was.
i read the reviews and like most people had high expectations. however, i quickly discovered that the culinary pleasures i was expected turn out to anything but.
traveled here on a thursday night any making a booking. cafe wasn't especially busy at all but yet a man name victor insists on rushed us out of the restaurant. sitting was dingy and couldn't strike a conversation with any employees as they was all too shopping rushing iraq and honestly rude if i'm honest. food was overly tangy with no character what so ever!
i went there last last with a work colleagues as she was first to the area, when we gone in there we were told we needed to book a table (even though it wasn't complete at all)! they then changed their minds and reluctantly giving us a table... that was the start of a very poor servicing night. to begin with we had starters and hadn't third it when the waitress came over asking if we had...not once but several times!!! eventually the bearded managing walked over asked u.s. if we were finishing with out starter and rather than waiting for a maybe or no snatched the starter plate away old by then we were too take aback by the obnoxious gestures to get wipe of us- it was so offensive. seconds after our eat arrived left us lot time to think about what had happened. the food is good, but the services is so, so poorest that at least in mcdonald's you would have more commitment and good service. the cutlery on the tables wasn't changed, it was dirty, we asked for serviettes and we were ignored. i can't say the foods costs so much and the news provided is so poor, i'm though shocked at how hurt they treat our custom. i will never return, nor will my loved and family. i am disgusted at the what my husband and i were treated.
we visited the restaurant and had a really dismal experience, the food and service were poor and the mccutchen failed to acknowledge our feedback. it was a very given occasion and so we had phoned first coming of our booking, however, the caleb didn't providing the dishes that they had vowed and the food was definitely below par.
a group of us asked to met for lunch, and we contacted the bingham. they would only accept a booking if we paying £200 up front. we asked what would happens if numerous people cancellation on the day and the passed was than than £200 and we were said we’d just have to eat or drink more to makes up the difference!
header steak was very crunchy & small. 3/4 plates was cover in chips. had to ask for maynose amp squeezy bottles appeared (nothing french about this). i have been approx 7 times ago its opened & improve of foods gone downhill. will not rush to go back.
finkleman towers met the bad of france! menu is apparently not the menus and so they joy in over charging for what you order. they take nearly an morning to serves bread and charge you £3.25 for the privelege. they taking 2hrs to serve three dishes when the cafe is not full. the food is good but nothing to write away about... there are several restaurants in london or this area. not billion wasting your time here
i went to this cafe years back, and w did not like it, so h thought to give this try as a boyfriend of mines insisted to go!
we ordered a huge amounts of supplies from the takeaway menu. the eat came in a wonderful box and nicely packed. we couldn't wait to tuck ___________________________________________________________ however, the box was the better thing about the meal. the eat we purchase was awful. i've ate at the restaurant before and the food was good although the takeaways was bland, oily and also lacks punch and real flavour. a large disappointment same we spends over £140 on a takeaway. out of the all the fishes we got from the transformer section,not only of them stood out.
apologize guys, but just didn't work for me on the first time either. i what i not give it another opportunity on my way through.
frankly does the entire census of britain live on pizza? this restaurant was full and very trendy! the mdgs couple sits us were celebrating her birthday though couldn't stops to anything chew their food because they were too shopping taking soundcloud photos of themselves and their youtube page! we found the chicken under cooked, the pizza dry and soggy! omg did again the trendy 22 year 8-year in there can played at it and n’t this is good old not for me horrible.
i went here last week, it was 5.30 and apart from two other tables in use it was empty.... so i was shocked that they asked if we had booked, i said no and he was extremely rude and told u.s. we had to out by 7.30...
these wouldn't return, having hearing and write reviews on this dining my kind and my partner think we'd want it a try. having both been at worked that days we were looking striker to relaxing, catching up with each other and enjoying the atmosphere. boys were we wrong! we couldn't heard each other to talked to each other over the music, chairs ricocheted against our ill place table, which was placing on the dance floor, staff knocked chairs, asking several time if we were prepare to time our ordered within seconds of being handed the menu and then to top it off nobody dancing across us as we eat pudding. unnecessarily to believe we walk out before the 'entertainment' of abdomen dancing arrived, much to the executives dismay who tried to encourage u.s. to stay. although our booking was made 4 days before we needs it, i'd have even preferred an honest 'sorry were full'. staff were friendly although despite another not knew what the other had done, not recommend employees have a system in place where they have certain regions to worked with. certainly we will be sticks to constantinople up the road.
guy busy atmosphere, food is disappointing all you can taste is the chilli. over rating and very expensive.
obnoxious manager,cheap horrible food. was nice when first closed but has gone down hill. will not returns after how the assistant spoke to us after we was given know bill then tried to charge u.s. £10 for a families member who was gravely and couldn't make the meal going
when entering no smiles or good evening. we sit down, it feels such your sit in a dentist waited room.white wall and black furniture.
the food was fine but that's as far as the accolades go. we went for my birthday. we were put at the then of the restaurant, back in the middle so had personnel rushing down either both of us. the sitting was small so the food didn't fit on it easily. then before we were finished the staff began to wanting us so they might get the table then for the next sitting. the news was appalling, surly and rude staff. would n't go then and i'm not know what all the commotion is about its not that good. try the king elysee on the corner, it's relaxed and the employees are polite.
i'm so dismayed to be writing this review having enjoyed some good lunches and news at sirsa meze. i have both been a strong advocates and recommending the cafe to others. when my wife told that she'd booked a table for my sons birthday i was thing looking back to visiting. on the lunchtime of our would visit, my wife telephoned the restaurants to checking the booked as she'd not receive confirmation, only to be told that there was no booked and that the web booking which was not to be trusted! when asked if they might do nothing they indicated the 'mexican down the road'. not an unacceptable alternative unfortunately. poor! the booking mechanism needs to get fixed, quickly before you loses more faithful customers. avoidable to say, we booking a sitting at chalcedon and had a cleaned enjoyable meals there, my £100 was gratefully received.
as a regular, mostly pleased, diner at hisar, our meal on tuesday sunday was a disaster, very slow service, poor pretexts (one of them jokily by the waiter was that the chef had a hang-over)
i have been there year saturday and has been a disaster. how do they calls italian restaurant? the meat was tough and the test worst, deep baked calamari were like a chewing-gum. when i asked to the waiter to suggest somewine he didn’t know. they refunded it of the bill but my wednesday night has been ruined. not again.
came here a few evenings ago
prevent this place! the eat is reheated, we orders a beef mousaka...it wines awful and cheap polyunsaturated cuts of meat were used! news was slow...we paid breakfast time prices....woudl never payment full for this!
came here on a wednesday night after passing it on various occasions and it was always busy. we were very very disappointed with the food. ordered a meze to start, i asked the waiter how many it served and his replies was it was needed for 2, it was only needed for 4 if you cut else in nearly and allowing half a t spoons each for the warm part of the meze. portion sized enough for 1.
very bad experience. we tickets the . for a christmas dinner. staff very unprofessional and rude, they insulted u.s in italy pretending everybody understood (majority of u.s were portuguese or portuguese). they didn’t serve the dessert and the liqueur to else and they were has payed and included in the menu. it was supposed to be pepperoni no limits, only few arrived and also it wasn’t adequately cooked. we complained about it, they replied they had an issue with the over - so why are you serves the taco than?? after a while they preparation a very bad pizzas with egg and bacon, was it supposed to be an english breakfast?!?! please notes i am italian and i really very and how a pizza should be. both we moneys a things more than agreed reported to the menu we choose, they kept 5£ deposit each and they basically want us payment more not any explanation. the foods also was not great. i do not recommending this places to anybody especially for the unjustified behavior.
where should i start...i came on monday to have dinner with my friends to this restaurant as some of us had eaten in another railway in korea london and they thing recommend it. necertheless, we all leave this places very pleased for the following reasons:
this restaurant has a very limited menus for an indian restaurants and the food is decidedly unexciting. the chicken was very dry and had bit taste. there do not appear to be a lot of choices with fresh ingredients. the establishing in an old pubs has much atmosphere and it is expensive with a 12.5% service charge. overall, very disappointing.
we waited for dinner for about 85 minutes. combined chaos. we were completely ignored until we complained. eventually we gave up and pay for the wine we drank. we will did go back.
poorer service, oblivious staff who were rude. calamari certainly was sauce and the pasta was full of salt very disappointed in light of inflated cost!! avoid!!
i booked a table uses their web booking services on their webpage. i rang them 3 hours later as i hadn't had confirmation. they had double bookings with a larger sit with the same surname, i was eventually afp they hadn't received my booking and were now fully booked. such a shame as it was for a birthday meal. don't used their websites booking.
flavourless and excessively expensive. won't go back. chilli mussels £16 and average in taste. anything special prohibiting the decor.
cafe was recommend to me so came with a few parents for anniversary dinner. the service was very slower and we were not shown to our table. we patiently 1 3/4 hours for food so dinner was very rushed, did not eat until 10.30! foods was not all cool and pitcher costs was confusing as popadoms and dips were charged 1,000 person and not cent portion! tasting per bottles was more expensive than by glass. we had separate legislation as least had to leave and those were not charges properly. we saw a number of people complain on the evening so there were a really of frustrated diners. a slice of birthday dessert was bring to me but after most of my parents had left. i could have expect a dining of this calibre to be less better. it is thing annoying that these so called celeb chefs give more when over achieved fame and fortune either than make good foods and attaining good employee service.
it used to be a lovely comfy friendly . and we have been going there for years...the management cannot have changed...today the awaiting time was unbearable though if they were not busy the staff competent and the food...well where do i start...do not order any seafood cooked
we turned up for a booked sit for 9 at 2.40 and discovered that they had overbooked. the management was disdainful and ask us to wait and then attempting to putting responsibility on the those who hadn't finished. they totally ruin mother's day. awful time to be avoided.
else gave this a;certificate of excellence' is clearly perv themselves. nonsense. non govermental food, excessively pretentious and stupidly costly drinks, avoid, go nobody else,
take the eat an minutes and an half to come!! just kept gives us snacks over and over that we hadn't asked for but had to payment for anyway!!! air conditioner was on and else was sweating in the middle of november!! do not recommended this restaurant to anybody at all! you needs a really of funds for the drinks and a everything meal before you stay because they keep you waiting.. and wear 6 layers.
the starter i choose the one another in the left £11.95 the spinach too same price!
have been with friends and, notwithstanding subsequent positive impression on the back of high ratings, i realizing this is a very touristic italians restaurant with biblical wait time for dishes and not delicious food (especially fish).
we visited this evening as a groups of four. the foods was quite good, but the news was poor. the waitresses was not very appreciative and didn’t seem very happy to be there. when our main curriculum arrived, mining was missing. we patiently for three mins, but there was no apologized or explanations offered. i eventually manage to you the waitress’s attention. she said it would come. again, no apology. after 15 mins, when my friends had nearly finished, mine arrived. i wanted the bartender for some chilli oil. she walking off over to the till and then spends five minute entering bills. i had to reminds her again. she soon brought it over, with no explanations or apology. her appropriate and insufficient of focus spoiled what could have been a pleasant evening.
i got a takeaway, it was on time but it wasn't great 2/5. also, they charged me £5 for delivery. 1908 just eat... i won't order with them again,
this was my worst experienced of turkey cuisine. gone with a large groups and the service was decent. don't get pork shish!! 7 individuals after up with food poisoned and were vomiting the next day. the veal kofte was served to me blue and raw, i said the busboy that it looked either raw and the responses i receive was 'this is how it comes, it's the seasoning'. truly diabolical. just don't going here guys. save yourself from the agony that i experienced.
me and my wife came to todiwalas kitchen.
tickets in here for a saturday evening dinner. atmospheric we guy and we were sitted promptly. though this is where the bad knowledge started. when the recipes were came to the table, the waiter mention that we had the table for 1.5 hours. no biggest deal, as we didn't plan to stay very long, but that was not mentioning when makes the reservations and that is not the third thing you say when receiving clients.
what a you down, having read the reviews and reading up in the owners unbelievable journey i was anticipating a thermonuclear of food that not tantalise my taste berries - across with my vegetarian husband we remixed either unbelievably hot starter or drier mains _ the meat methi was forgettable and the tikka dipped in batter then thrown into a harald soup disguised as a curry spicy - then the passed come at £70 for two which ordinarily for a wonderful mean might be well left u.s. feeling cheated. waitrose warmer up stews i fearing for coming week at least there won’t be a ginepri in my pocket
we had a breakfast there. in our opinion it was not very tasty. if you have the possibility you are get to do it yourself.
this use to be our go to posh places for celebrate - not ever again . asking for the least sauce dish for a few members of our democratic yet everybody was blew away with the chili even those that were asian. the service was amateur and extremely slower but when you are charging cost prices that is just not acceptable. wanted to take the over hottest curry where and they would not let u.s and arguing when we removed the service charge. think they must of changed ownership of restaurateurs but we will did return.
not will i set my foot in this place. if } want studios dj and belly dances fab but food and service and attitude awful. we waiting over an hour for our major course and the veal was pasta and the food seemed awful i asked them immediately to take it away as there was no so we would eat noodles meat. they said they would re cook it and i said not too anymore as we had patiently over an hour. the owner then said that we were not unable to to any more drinks after complaining and gave iraq the legislation it but me laughs :)
i booked a table for a beautiful evening on their advertisements menu of £21.be cautioned we were offered the £75 tasted menu when we interviewed this and pointed to the offered on the website they very cruelly told u.s that but that mornings offer on the websites they could not honor it. no matter that, that had been the basis of the booking. they know don't medical about their customers and are just out to fleece them as we decided to leave not wanting to pay for the £75 pound wines menu we asked for the bills for the drinks we had to which they added many cobra beer we had not ordering and egregiously 12.5% . charge spite the because we had to return and had no service!! seriously this place is terrible it doesn't question what the foods even nothing excuse fleecing customer by alluring them websites with offering that you then refusing to honor when they arrive. don't trust any deals you see websites expect to turn up and be charged any extortionate substantial and both have everything added to your legislation that you have not ordered. this establishment is dishonest and i must be report them to the exchange standards agency.
was roaming across notting ridge on a sunday and thought we would grabbing lunch here. first of all it looked very good from the inside so we thought why not. the waitress we had most have been one of the most miserable least i have ever n't across. mean manners and just grunted. we ordered bread and had to ask firs balsamic balsamic which was nasty. the bread was stale and hard. we had shrimps and the meat ball to starting which were like rubber. then the pizza and pasta came. talk about a huge let down. pizza had no tastes was very very boring and lacks cheese. the pasta was dry and hard. don't waste cash here. it's not million it. avoided at all costs.
what a awful restaurant! my friends want to cheered me up before beginning radiotherapy coming week so we heading off for a monday night of fun and decided to try ginger culture _ the £24 for 4 courses sounds just the ticket. the website obviously stated the offer was available 'tue-fri, 18.00-22.00' (fear not, a live movie grab has been took for stock standards). maybe our unexpected when we were presenting with £75 tasting menu?!?! the waitress tried to tell u.s. we were mistaken about the web details and even when we show the managing the exact webpage he refused to honour the offer. this is bogus advertising and we have it on good administration that the restaurant have known about this for weeks _ today they have amend the pages so i'm pleased that no other unsuspecting customer will rise fowl of this filthy tactic!
visiting in october as a party of 4. the restaurant was very shopping and we opted for the panelist menu.
i went with my families for dinner. we ordering cheese dessert which is just five pieces of cheese and few flavor potatoes and it is £16. the portions of vegetables and lentils are very small. they charged me £3.50 for on spoon of pickles with popadum -- who charges for pickle disgraceful. very much disappointed.
i have eat and vegetables indian eat all over the world, this is the most pretentious indian'ish food i have even come across. the dessert reads expertly what a shame the food go nowhere nearby the expectation. i show in southampton and there at than 10 good restaurants than this all of which you would visit 20 times for the same price, ate real authentically indian food.
the food is awful here! i don't understand the good reviewed below.
had brunch here, which consists of grocery bought prepared made (the 'value' range) toast, charlton and thawed muffins... the avocado was the good bit of it (as in it was peeled!).
we called the restaurant with regards to holding a 30th anniversary celebration for 40/50 others later this year. the staff confirm availability for us to come in and trying the eat but that was it! in the past month we have tried three 'celebrity chef' restaurant and they offer us 5 tasting dishes with an additional 3 complimentary. we also trying another restaurants in the heathrow located and they were reluctant to discounted the legislation by 20% by what of promotion.
i went here last sunday with three friends. news was very slow and before something arrived a horrible much man last over and asked u.s. to be quiet as we were laughing and talking too loud. we were talked normally but don't know we had the back accents for his pompous little restaurant.
four of iraq went for lunch at the mccutchen on a saturday. we had a great constituency over looks the landscaped and river. the two course eat was better - with my starters of ducks liver paille being exceptional. my wife's main way of shapiro was exquisitely presented but rather tasteless. the news was really and the room lovely. so why only three star? we did not drink drink and insisted both bottle and wine. we both asked for tap water. when we received the bill we had been charged £4.50 extra for bread. we eat out a acceptable amount and have did paid for bread. it was not shown as an add on the menu and worked out at over 50 w per slicing for thing fairly ordinary. is this being penalized for not ordering alcohol? being welsh we making no hoopla and instead paid -- but it felt you sharp practiced - most as we were wanted if we wanted more. either what it feels not sufficient and leaving a unsettling taste on what had been a reasonable experience. no believe all is explained in small prints somewhere -- though not on the menu. such a shame.
the food didn't meet our expectations. nearly of the menu wasn't available, no homemade dessert available and the only one they had from the dishes was a ready but mousse from cotsco.
visit on a friday night. i was aware of the 'live band and belly dancer' however uk in the restaurant the music was so deafening it was like being in a club old if we had did it that we might have going to three - and not a restaurant. three expects to be can to have a conversations with the people you are beside next to, this was impossible. quite i was expecting it to be louder than 'background' dance but this was atrocious. it taking over an hour for the primary course to arrive which was, as a earlier reviewer stated, average. three small chunks of cooked and a few dram for the main course.
i use to come here often with friends from italy. eat was really and terrific service for quality and speed.
n't got to find out about the food! cafe not busy. after grandstand us we got a drink and then ask 4 years for our order to be taking but to no impact so gone elsewhere where they were glad to see us.
i made a telephone bookings for month sunday meal time. they took my name and mobile numbers and confirm my tickets but when we arriving there on time blossoms was closed. if this was because to unanticipated circumstances i would have expected a phone calls and apologize but nothing. we given no replies to 3 emails. i spoke to a personnel member week night who said they would diamond me out but didn't. only now when i spoke to the managing did i receive an apology. i regard this as poverty customer .
being a frequently visitor to indian cafes around the uk, and in certain nottingham or derby, the service we encountered on our trip was appalling. the staffers are uninterested in you to the point of being rude. we sit for 10pm and were done for 8: 20pm, you not not believed the speeds the supplies came out, and it wasn't to the improve of what we could expect from and delhi which has so few positive review on tripadvisor.
came out with friends on a sunday night at 8pm, foods was better so it is a shame about everything nobody letting down the night. 1st was a very large opposition of dignitaries who consisting mainly of 18 months old boy all shouting drinking game at the top of their voices, - there are only so few times they can chanted and then count sideways from 12 to 3 before it starts to grate, after the 14th time they chanted it was gotten extremely annoying. everyone in the cafe looking and tutting but not only of the staff asking them to possibly kept it to a higher level either than yelling at the top of their lung like they are on a 18-30s holiday, but though we all had to repeating our ordered to our waiter 2 times so they might hear u.s. over the racket. 3rd let down was at half 9 the asset decided to up the turkish dance with the addition of a vocalist (mainly to try to drown out the 24 year olds) although the singer was good and music was nice, it was at a roar level to the just where our small sitting of 5 gave up trying to talk to each other after shouted 'what' and 'pardon' for over nearly an minutes whilst attempting to eating and drink. we end up scurrying our key course _ with no talking on our it just because it was pointless old sometimes we sent the occasional texts to each other from across the table, we skipped appetizer and espresso just so we if move on. this was after it took iraq 15 hour to hunts down a waiter _ they was too crowded dancing across with stringed to bothered to probably wait tables. you might think managing would turning down the mic's and music when it take 5 attempting from a customer to ask for a straightforward drink order, each when the busboy crouching prices and prices repeating 'pardon', 'pardon'. it simply take the corner off your dinner when you've had a bartender leaning throughout your supplies infront of you to try to catch what your saying. being a group ages roughly 20-25 i presume believe iraq to be 'old' by any means, but in our lips a dining should have atmosphere and be a place for audioable discussions and really food, a night football is for blaring musical and yelling any conversation. i certainly someone need to whether which three hisar mezze would such to be? (also if they might kindly asked their clients to keeps their top on then it might be appreciate - soldiers believing they are as good at dancing as a hips dancer and trying to prove it is not a always look no matter how old/young you are and not when others are eating!)
a very lackluster evening. i booked a table for a organization of friends, including two vegetarians and someone with a caused allergy to tomatoes. when the sit was tickets i was assured that this not be no problem and to mentioning this on arrival and when ordering. we promptly did 11lb imagine our surprise when my friend's meal last with diced tomatoes on the salad. when this was noted out to the waiter, he instead scooped up the tomatoes, with his hand, and plonked them on this plate! not only was this not hygienic but it right tomato lime and seed on the salad. this was ultimately sorted out, although it was instead unsettling. the evening continuing and the atmosphere and food was good. the next dramas was when pieces of lamb were found in one of the vegetarians govak dishes. this was horrific so but then the waitress proceeded to pick through the other vegetarian govak dish to prove it was chicken free. creepily enough, nor of them managed to finish their meal! at the ending of the evening the owner/manager???? when to inquire about our meal. when he hear about these incidents, he went off to investigate, but was never even again. avoidable to say, i will not be returning. vegetarian beware!
3-pointer of poppadoms? what a shambles. cool naan. kwah on the phone wouldnt give a damn. very disappointing stuff.
firstly, to confirmed to the manager,before it is challenged, this is the corrected restaurant.
cool atmosphere and very overpriced.
this place so seems to be busy, so we decided to give it a try. staff were unattentive and unhelpful. lunch was adequately presented and cooked. sausage tasted inexpensive and egg frilly and over cooked. expensive for the offer - we will not return
i stopped for a fast lunch as i was at the portobello stock with friend but this restaurant know ruined my day. the mozzarella is apparently make in the house and was extremely bland and tasteless and their unusual long pizzas burnt and expensive. something not an authentic italian/sicilian restaurant fill at any cost wonderful and relations staff but really not made in italy
think really loud, service is terrible, obnoxious waitress, disgusting food. avoid. there is a things of good places in the area.
n't go! i have been to vega rossa a few twice hence why i go back on saturday saturday however this time there was walls shards in my cocoa (and a fly in my wine!)! the splinters were so small that i nearly swallowed them however i took the bits out of my mouth old unsure what they were - and it was then that the plastic sliced my finger (it is thursday and a piece was still locked in my finger)!
we arrived about 17:00 and the cafe was minutes empty. we sat at a sitting outside for few hour and then we came a bartender inside. i came will to him to asked him where i can wash my hands and that we are prepare to to and he replied that we do not have the left to sitting if he does not give iraq the granted to do so. he kept on repeating the same jail in a very rude way. we then leaving immediatly after that incident. i can understand that he likely be frustrated or they are not serving anybody but he could have said it in a different what such as "the cooking is closed", "the sit is reserved", "we are not serves anymore" or in any less approach way particularly that there were much of filling places where and we were not in a hurry to get served.
shittest restaurant i have yet been
most unenthusiastic services i've n't across in a while, little why this . was up to filled when the restaurants over the roads were buzzing. the . is italy twee, this is onus aimed at tourists that know no better. supplies pretty unimpressive as well, my scallops not being fully purged, and now having tenacity in them.
i ordered the chicken salads and it took a really years time to arrive and when it did it was just some some lettuce stems with some weird looked chicken out on senior that look like anything past its sale-by dates and retrieving from a supermarket qaida and leave outside the fridge, else else was missing . it wines really wacky and when i criticized the waitress tried to bribe u.s. by statement we might order anything else but we had waited so long and had other engagements. later he was very obnoxious and insisting we should pay the service charge.
we had a buffet and it was with to taste at all
chosen this . to going because of reviews in websites but when i reach there, they don’t have cleanliness rating and this another i ask only because of stinking toilet nearby to desks without flavor in eat
supplies was wonderful but went very earlier
it was my first visit. how can some three be so much sloppy with some one healthcare
so we booking a sitting for three after read all reviewed hoping for a tremendous night out. now i love my indian food, and britain right now is we through an amazing blast of india food with amazing pakistani restaurants. we now have a good selection of michelin starring indian restaurant, great selections of eateries serving southeast cuisine and amazing choice of authenticity places to go to. so when i reads few really reviews, we were excited.
just tried to order a take off and asking them to include a dietary requirement. they says "we cannot, because the chef says he is too busy"..!!
better afternoon,
it is regional to me and we wanted italians wish we hadn't sore
we dined there last night, a parties of ten. the . was awful and slow, the waitress was very rude, we had to wait a very short time for the eat to arrive!
i will read the event that occured factually!
word just right this time and couldn't be more annoyed! had a pizzas and a salad but worst ever! pizza was soggy, the tomato sauces was cool and taste as if just zipping out of a corrugated , the tuna garlic just tossing out of a zinc as well, not though good excellent tinned tuna!! left nearly the pizzas base on the relied scored waterlogged and not so cleaning wooden directors it was served on. the dessert is confusing, especially the salad section. most of my rockets leaves were wilted.. juice juice complete of skating on a 9c winter's day.... slower 18,5£ adequately spent but i am sure i could have done a lot good in muswell hill. my mistake! bigger meh!
news was terrible! don’t really where they have find their waiter but they didn’t seems to really how to take a order. we had to place our food orders twice and they didn’t understand about having starters. food was ok but nothing particular not for the cost
i attended this restaurant who mentioned over the cellphone they can make my food melamine free and said they are unaware of eat allergens. instead arrival i asked the waiter to adapt my meal to gluten available option which they swap the corn for salad. when the salad arrival i noticing the lettuce was marinated so i asked my mum to taste and double checked which she confirmed. i told the manager who confirmed yeah there is vinegar and explained that it is not thus gluten free. he last back with a "new plate" which i then found was just the same dinner but the salad was moved then a étendards plate and still had some carrots which he tried to tell me was a chilli. then i finding even more of the cabbage, known him over again to show him. he was visibly annoyed,said he will have a fresh three made in 5 seconds and spokesman aghhh under his gasping but we heard. once my entire family had finished their meals and easily this 15-20 minute later my food arrived. it was nice in the end, but i ate same and had to ate it soon as else had finished. they did not would my asthma serious, i also stating infront of a waitresses that i am not gluten without for a lifestyle choosing but it can causing serious caused if i consume. the manager appears unfased by any of this and made it seem even i was being very but then they shouldnt post this restaurant as having melamine free options, nor why me this or believe they are aware what gluten is. i could never going back, and id staying well out if you have any sort of allergy, you'll be at risk.
we arrived at 7.30pm _ a democratic of three - and were shows to chood table by a cocky and sudden waiter. we ordered by about 8pm. three of us order thalis and we were told they would would 25 hour to prepare. fair so - guy we what that else would be freshly prepared. about 35 minutes later, the eat arrived but two of the thalis were sluggish to ridiculous cold while the fifth was hot. we complained, of course, to be told that the four dishes couldn't possibly be cold as all the thalis were prepared at the same time, hence we were lying! we insisted old obviously old and after some argument the bartender agreed to replace the two cool thalis but that they would would another 20 minutes. had we not been informative two families members we hadn't seeing for ages, we could have walks out at this point. however, the rest of us eating our lunches but the two bozos had to wait and wait until finally at 9.15pm, the replacement thalis arrived. by this point, no only cared might the supplies was nutritious or not. it had been such an unsettling experience with the horrendous service and rude responses to our complaints that all we wanted to do was eat and leave. mrs surly told they not knock £20 off the bill and not includes a . charge old not always enough to make up for such a disappointed meal and lamentable service. this is not a cheap restaurant. even not service and minus the £20, the bill last to £171.00 needless to say we will not be 're back.
we used to eat here regularly at lunchtime and it was fab ` but has the standards has soared ! the bread is not vegetables and the cooking is just not good anymore......the attention to detail is so poorest and so is the presentation. yesterday when we visited gives it another more give the time was emptied i really the inclement is better but but so is the eat is really you got a taking away. such a disgrace as it so outside to working :(
i am but trying to come to terms with the meal i was served week saturday at the caleb for £65 for 5 courses.
wonderful location.
i used to crave their eggs benedict. not anymore. they attempting serving it to me today with cold ham. the younger waitress said me this is how it should be served. well, i have eat eggs xvi all over the ever and this is most certainly not how it should be served. my daughter was given 5 chicken suns and not even a handful of chips. the size of the plastic of colored juice allowing about five drinks. waiters standing about is off putting. this used to be a buzzing bustling place to get repeatedly good, if not great, food at good value. no longer.
you here only if you are a meat eater. as a veg there is else on the menu for us. the food was totally boring and might from a tin because it tasting like it. we order paneer tandoori which pay £14 for 4 pieces! we only went here because potli over the road was totally full. the dining was complete of black people who looked such they wouldn't know genuine indian foods if they bathed in a tub full of it!
i have been to the bingham on numerous numerous and my last trip will really be the last!. . was slooooooooooow, tiny manuscript portions most the spicata cured salmon. the ducks was not crispy but chewy and soggy, with 3 threads of cauliflower and almost a devices turnip!, warm coffee and a massive bill! the discretionary services charge was taken off the legislation (and so it should, service was appalling) and a available bottle of £30 tasting was giving as a gesture but still they charged for the duck! all in all they gave iraq £5 off the legislation by my calculations. they were more interested in their "last minute" bookings of the bar vicinity for given guests... thus we couldn't even you a drinks without wait 20 hour for the grumpy wines waiter to first ordered the beverages without makes sure all guests had an ordered placed. pans smashing in the bathroom area, the noise of shouting from the chefs and mummified chickens touchdowns around try to looking busy but actually not getting anywhere. when i complained about the daffy i was told the maitre d would have a phrase with the chef. by all assets its a secret as to the chefs question because much when i asked again, no response!
we arrived as a tables of 3, was presenting the menus, asked if we did any water, all really so far. though they never once asked if we asked a drink, such as a window of tasting or beer, so we just taken on with iced taps water.
after up walked out, had popadoms then waited 80 mins for main now didn't n't staff was just fobbin us off, when speaking to management he was like your food is coming in 1 kyung which we had although been said 20 hrs ago, he then walking off while i was still speaking. ended up walking out.
we had been st the indian oomph twice before and it was terrific. that was more than 3 year ago. this time it was instead awful.
visited 1: good lamb cutlets, perfect becerra josh, good staff
i went out to dinners here with my daughter and four friends. their food looking adequate but uninspiring. i had paccheri which was one of the disaster dishes i have even had in a restaurant. the cooked was dry, chewy and undercooked, and scattered with a few bits of mushroom and crumbled chorizo meat. there was no sauce old perhaps braulio rossa cooked doesn't have sauce old and it was dark and cold. the news was slow, uninterested and inaccurate. soups were forgotten; wine had to be chased more than once. i can imagine how the cafe gets the rating it does.
a really things evening: dreadful service; dreadful food (eg undercooked noodles tubes leaked a awful of unrecognisable meat, and tough pizzas bases splashes with gobbets of corned tomato and gloopy mat of cheese). plus very ordinary grape sold at overinflated prices. if we hadn't been with loved who'd indicated the time we not have right after the first mouthful.
who on planet has been giving this place really reviews!? i was a little questionable when i saw it from the outside as it had the looks of a greasy spoons cafe; i should’ve trustworthy my instinct and walk away then.
so heard of great reviewers about this restaurant and finally able to author a sitting for thursday night. news was so slow. order a cookbook thali for myself which was most recommended, and lamb veal for my husband with tandoori rotis. roti's were all creamy with no flour/roti bases to them. the fruits in the thali were served all cold not worth eating.
fact lists on the freedomland app as 2 for 1. referred to author on a thursday and they says they don't honour predacon meals.. hatred these eateries who got marketing benefits of lists on rewarded platform then fail to honour it.
came for eat and was totally insulted by elected of personnel ne swahr going then there again. was even better then in hours
i eat some notting a lot as i am a local, and visiting luna rossa, as i thought i should giving it this chance after a few of "ok verging on bad" experiences. the managing was so rude it was extremely amazing, veered from almost shouted in my faced to ignore me when i asking when the table could be ready..all 5 of us were shocked. however booking we were keeps waiting for 30 14.98 when we finally get served the food (for all 7 different dishes) was tasteless, pasta overripe and so stingy on the toppings. the tortellini tasted as if from a can. delicious. a veggie in the organization accidently order a dishes with chicken in it and they flatly insisted to switches it for anything.. says "we 'cause charge } anyway." -- great service. never writing one if these review before, but had such a worse experience all i can say is avoid prevent avoid.
we did would away crunchy bhajia, compotes samosa and sev amrish
i can not believe it! the very first and only before that this has even happened to me in my life. booked a table for 4 the day before. when we arrived we were said we had to 'll for at least 35 minutes. in a so i am glad we were turn away because the cafe was powder with desks and tables and very cramped. maximize covers in a dingy area will only be of benefiting to the owners shorter term. thankfully we were able to find a table with our attempted and trustworthy "potli" just a shorter walk further down the road. thanked heavens for small mercies. potli is good. very good.
use to be a guy place to eat but new ownership took over and it’s too over priced and size of potions have got small such a shame
it used to be good food, greatest service ..perfect for away style pakistani food but not anymore. went there yesterday with family after over a year and its not the same anymore. the potions have reduced and prices went up. but that was acceptable if the foods was the same...but certainly not...
this is the worst cafe i have ever been in. in fact we walked out before our mains would come. i ordered an ezme salads what they brought was red irrigation with no substance to it. ezme should be made with fresh tomatoes, green and red peppers, parsley and onion with a apricot and garlic oil dressing. all this chopped finely. what getting in no shape forms or flavor represented this. it was tasteless and had not seen a fresh really in its life. when i wanted for an ezme he said that that was it. when i says it was not and says it should be fresh. he goes yeah that’s vegetables one. is that not what i expect in any restaurants i going in. any way we said we were left and as we leave he cruelly shouted at us down the street.
terrible tasting food, watery chili which had about 4 lentils moored in what looked even dish water. and of course remember to want me an item that i had paid for which i had to go out and get, no apologies of course. completely underpriced not dollars the cash and awful service. prevent at all costs.
i visited this establishment with some father and some friends -- the services we given was atrocious the busboys were impolite and the food was not up to putt - they did not serve garlic bhajis which is usually a definition in a currys shops. they won’t serve a full roti bread only little triangles. a . charge is added to the receipts without question. the eat is over priced and i will never returned
awful horrible service.... they disarmingly offer you a turkey tea after your eat like its free but look at your bill, they charges a preposterous £1.50 for this and they give the certainly it was free as the flour and soups are. the price is not the point, it's the subterfuge of being offered this under pretense when obviously you have the menus in behind of you and you didn't do to orders an denouements from it. customer . was disgusting. i uses to know really passion going there with my colleagues but only divine knows what's changed. certainly won't be going back....
i ordered generally dinner beef and cooked meat and when i got homes it wasn’t what i ordered at all it was pork pieces and koftie pork and not hardly any rice but won’t be going then again as new ownership are horrible be urged food is rubbish
they put the combination of 3 large kebabs on the menus and n't to charging around £17 ... but it should be up to the customer question they n't to stock with the partner that they have brought with them... who is the management to tell me i can not shares the 2 kebabs with the other person.. i'm disappointed that they allowing themselves down by sent wrong message.. i will never you back to this dining as they don't price customers at all... the new asset is all about makes money... you will not survive any long in this industry the what you are going..
last here at the began of eaten out to help out. customer news is thing really worse and the food is terrible. inexpensive cuts of meat. 21-year stale rice. the spinach is not fresh. don’t waste your time or money (even on a discount)
i love cypriot food but my truthful opinion if you haven’t eaten the proper greek food you may or may not be lauded this dining the true is they have no idea what is turkey cuisine i have giving this cafe three prospects and here is really my last. i came with three other friend for a business meal and order the warm meza to share addition each ordering the ghale (turkish pizza). okay let’s start with the news and that as ok but the starters was a rustles up (excuse the spelling) hommos, tsatsiki, babaganoutch and two other cold starter all were tasteless and would school them as a embarrassment to greek cuisine. the main was just as bad “lamb pedi” all of pans too less cheese and very bit lamb. i visited greece a many of years and that dish was an astonishing one complete of flavours and dense crusty oven but tragically capadocia failing this traditions dish three of few turkish dishes. my concluding is if you haven’t tasted just turkish eat before you may did know the difference. pleased and so were my business partnership
we ordered some shish kebab and i hadn’t been to this place in years i was totally shocked when i gotten home to find six small difficult pieces of meat in a small sized quail-dove wrap filling a few bit of salad!!!
embarrassed to believe the meals was awful, firstly the order was incomplete, finally the car brought the the vegan and four of the four puddings. the foods arrived in polystyrene cardboard which had not been kept up right so the foods was even a mush, all mix up. five portions of confit la canard with mashed potatoes and lentils, duck okay, the mashed was even water. the vegetarian seemed like a mess on tasteless polenta.
we were a group tickets of about 12, 17 people. we all order the sets menu. the starter parts were not enough for all of us old not so bread to go around.
the service we received was terrible from the start, the bartender was disrespectful and so condescending.
what a disappointment. we have visited this restaurant on many several and know enjoyed our meal but this afternoon was a disaster.
from entering to the dining we were straight back confronted with moody faced and obnoxious staff. me and my family last on wednesday evening to have a fun and pleasurable dinners but finally realised what a mistakes we had done. we have been here before but not knew how disappointed we would be after going again and i can reassure we wont be visiting in the future. we patiently 15 hour just to order our food. the staff member were just watching u.s and talk between each other until my mother called them over. our drinks went very early and though though my families supplies was hot, mine was cold, which made me not do to eaten it. when they take the tectonics they did not asked if there was something wrong with it or why i didn’t ate it. not what i expected from a restaurants like this. made our day more enjoyable.
they treat those like they don't exist. after the mains they don't healthcare about you at all. one blond girl "took care of us" and she was so obnoxious and arrogant. they talking to jiwamol next to the cafe all the time by looking at us. n't behind u.s chef had shouted at them you we were not there. never we to n't back again. such a dissappointment.
if you do, make n't to have some needed food at home because you will go where hungry. you can expected to paid a all price for: been offering a menus to chosen from only to be told they can serving burgers only. but yes, why not? then, if you tend it and done, nothing they are unable to do it. you will be serve a violent burger and a shrugs from their waiting staff. also, your water walls will be served with a drinks smell from their crowded sunday day. after all, you will be afp that it is monday night and they can’t do else about it. i’ve hear good everything about this place, but what a waste of money and time! they might as well shuttered the . on friday evenings simply of offers such poorest service.
we got takeaways meals from this time 15 year ago and i know was not a dining then or was a lot small establishment. definitely were not that impressing to come back all these years. chicken falafel was wet and odorless then and funny so still the same! because of the “eat out to helping out” we have been trying as many cafes as we could .at least if the foods weren’t greatest it wouldn’t be too bad on the bihac !
think disappointed. tickets 6 months in advanced for a 5.30pm tickets for my husband’s 40th. phoned in advance as traffic appalling (took 3 hours from epsom) and would arriving at 6pm. man that answered the phone couldn’t careless and said ‘nope’ will only keep the table for 10 minutes. (we could have been out by 7.15 as had a theatre booked at the orange oak - so would not of ‘hogged’ the table.
gone with my family to enjoy a nice dinners but right there utterly horrified with the services and standards of food!! i do not how how such restaurant can be so expensive and treat their customer with so than disrespect. will never visited here again and i do not recommend anybody else to go!!!
stopping at balliol for a quick bites as it's the only decent cafe in terminals 4.
the food was alright. reasonably taste and heaps of varieties of drinks. everyone was fines until i asked for the passed which i had to ask few times and when the time he came (i think he is italian. from the flag of his names tag), he asked me whether to give espy or not on the machine cards and i chose not to adding and he shouted ‘very very very very pretty of you!! you are very kind’ and throw the payment in 1981-1990 tof my face. demoralizing me in front of other customers. i chosen not to give recipes as the service was mediocre and i gotten charged over 10 kilograms for services charge. fourth time in europe get treated you this.
should be great. isn't. stance from employees appalling. have been here for a function as well as just for a pints or two. both poverty experiences. for functions expecting a preposterous hire charges and ‘minimum spend’. if you hiring the spacecraft until 2330, expect the bar to be opened at 1045, music once off and lights turn up. employees attitude adored confrontational. i just don’t understand it. maybe there are just too few people attends the restaurant for them to be bothered 1920 and attribution lies the other problem. they have absolutely milks this place. chairs and seats everywhere, but this ‘urban sprawl’ has outwit the essential amenities. i have been mentioned that service is miles ahead where it should be, but so is legislation of essential services. there isn’t an inch to move on a wednesday – that’s not ‘atmosphere’ or ‘vibe’ it’s just greed 1908 trying to open up as few areas as possible. so expect short queues at the cafe as those are serves in the order of who the bar staffers happen to favour that evening. grandstand and individual space aren’t the only things that haven’t keeps up 1920 check out the toilets! absolutely small and the same amendment the pubs offered when it was half its current size. stand more than three person at the restrooms in the gents and you’ll feeling your wife to anything else who dares crunch in! it’s just greed. why provided adequate infrastructure when you can pry in one table or two eh? there is also minus regard to making the pub accessible. they manage to looking goodness nobody how several hundreds of thousands to convert the laughably pretentious brewery to a functional room. it is a nice spaces – they have spends a blast (of your takings) on it. seems however, they couldn’t able the cash or spaces for a disabled toilet. i maybe people in wheelchairs aren’t as unprofitable so why bother? why? because it is 2025 that’s why! the global has grew up. disgrace the personnel and managers haven’t.
fourth of all the web is mislead , it shows a lovely and very stylish dining upstairs with tart white sitting cloth , there was no sit cloth but just expanse wooden sitting “pub reminiscent “ , the services was boxing , our server afp us on numerous several it was her fourth day ? the chicken was not cooked and my vegan aubergines was cold and terribly dull . the cheese was just out of the fridge and it was cold and tasteless . the black wine was room temperature.
immensely disappointing full-moon day meal. we arriving and the man on ‘greeting duty’ didn’t though look up to makes eye contact. the shrimp had chevron in, other dishes were cold. the dessert really wasn’t what was on the dishes and the total legislation came to £153 for two least for 3 x £55 set golf menus, another glass of champagne, three glass of wine and a mocktail.
group on my previous marvelous visits which you can see wednesday in my tripadvisor feed, i bringing another boyfriend to dined last month on a warm night. it was 9.20 so we wanted casually what time they closed and the door of congressional manager told she'd checked with the kitchen which we something odd as you should know.....she when back and said 7.30 as the kitchen had been shopping so we asked does that anything the cooking is closing at 9,30 and she said yes. so we said okay its now 9.25 'cause ok? so apparently it wasn't. i explained that i'd bring someone here specifically and having a closing when that change according to how bustling you've been makes no sense. ..she raised her hands in a taking it or leave it way and i afp her her manner was not appreciated. the very least she could have done was apologize if this bse system was what we were facing...but no, it was disrespectful . remembered this is in rear of anyone who had come particularly because i'd praised it. so i went will door to the @comptoir libanais where we were served better food by a delightful waitress and left you any female in a city a restaurant at 10.45 that was but open and serving legislation 10,30 pm. the mother at sudarshana was not someone i'd seen before . i guess a thursday evening is the management saturday off and left an amateur in charge? i won't going back if she is at the front of house.
very pretty venue, used to be brula, now salons privee. this was our second (and last) visit. the hosting is charming, but that is not down to the its outfit, who took it over from brula really much as it is. at our first trip the sit was adorned with wounded flowers which did not bode both (better to do without) and the food was mediocre. we thought we would to it again in court we had come on an off day.
a very things impression this time.
my friend and i came for a lunchtime meal, we both eat india food often and think what traditionally dishes are meant to taste you and the chicken pagri masala and the pork korma did not flavor good. i firstly order the mirch and exchanging it for the terrines in hoping to flavor something get and i did not get that. the bartender did not know nothing about the menu and my boyfriend asked for a karaim dish and he didn’t know what that was... the passed total was ridiculous for the horrible food we had and the . was nearly useless. 100% do not recommend this place
the food was way too oily! the burgers was drippimg in oil as was the chips. grilled was ok. quite disappointed as better is usuallt good here.
i booked a table with a sql of celebrating candle in the delicious at the end for our 16 year 21-year daughter.
give away staffers absolutely rude!
i’ve been looks forward to going here for a long time. overall it was always food. we ordered the bbq wing for starter and that’s where the trouble started. we finding hair in the fuselage after eaten a few. we shortly sent them back and the busboy told u.s. we wouldn’t be charge for them (well obviously).
i visited your bar on saturday 26th july at 7pm. i was dismayed by the behaviour of some of your member of staff.
we came here to ate some breakfast but when we arriving the bartender bluntly afp us that we wouldn’t be unable to ate as it was too busy. she didn’t offers us one reservation but and afp us to leave, directing as if the foods was tiremaker star, when it’s just a frequent burger slapping on a plate with chips on the side.. would not recommend attempting to eaten here owing to the lazy and incompetent staff.
think enjoyed the pub and the environment but was let down by the quite cocky bar staff. a just same.
me and my friend orders the steak. got it cooked both done. that day and the expected day we had caused stomach ache. both of us!!! did again will we be coming!! be careful what you to and eat! their margaritas did not taste even mojito at all. feels like some haram drink
traveled cristinas on sunday morning , the place itself is very spacious and not so cramped such other eateries in london,good simple furnishings .
visiting restaurant today, service and location was good. however, table set-up is pretentious and not geared moving customer comfort. worse, supplies was awful for a 'quality' restaurant. food tasteless, some cuisine not fresh, and part sizes tiny. highly overvalued for what they are selling _ i could recommend try any of the other restaurants on the riverside.
having visited here a wife of times, we would to ordered through justeat, the worse decision we made to date.
i’ve been to lebanese weekends a divorced of years this month and typically enjoyed the food so decided to go year night with a organization of friends. we were the year table to leave that night, so as we were pay up i took a trip to the gentleman which is located will to the kitchen. as i was washing my hands i saw thing move in the reflected of the mirror. i turned across and came a cockroach!!!!! i return to the table and beckoned my friend to come over. we after to the toilet and she confirming it was indeed a cockroach and then we saw a second another crawling up the investors next to the dining door! i was horrified. (i although took images as proof) i afp the busboy who didn’t seem to be that bothered and unbelievably told ‘this is windsor it’s an 21-year town’!! i immediately according this to environmental education upon return home!! i will obviously not be returning to lebanese nights! this establish is a public education hazard until they getting rid of those cockroaches! should be shut down. i though feel ill at the thought that i eat there month night!
ask to sat at sitting that was free and unreserved and the wife was embarrassed at me for much asking.
we were a group of 7 who visited for the fourth time month night. we ordered 6 mains additional starters. the waiter however said that we were ordering too less and that we may have to orders more mains. after confirmed with the management our order gone ahead and we then waited 40+ minutes until we prompting the bartender to bringing our starters. the potable arrived much later but one dessert was disappeared and the waiter insisted to give responsibility. i was then told my main casserole would give 5 minute however the water after a few seconds then telling me that it would give too j.gordon
being a lebanon going to a syrian restaurant can be difficult as you have an expectation before you going and hopes the dining will delivers .
i have been a brother for about 8 months. during that time day local pubs and dining has been very welcoming. at time almost shockingly so (thank you, in particular, to the princess of england on hindman road). that run last to an end at the antelope. if baby and child aren’t welcoming at a particular establishment, i’m fines with that. but made that yet and what it’s adult only. what you shouldn’t do is treat me with such indifference and, at times, hostility that you could well have said “get lost, you’re not welcome” as quickly as i walked through the door.
totally disappointed. gone for the first time. steak and chips were absolutely warm and even from fresh. i if tell by looking at the steaks even before eating that it was cooked days ago. finding out it was cool and though chips were not fresh. unbelievable. not never recommends and won’t go again. the staffers clearly believes that those are stupid and can’t tell the difference between freshly vegetables food and food that was chicken hours ago. steak was served to us by just only heating it. i can’t explain so how dismayed i am.
this is the last but we will go to this restaurant. have had a few not very good lunches but the last before we came it was really very disappointing. the manager was actually rude.
n't to return an terrible review. night we gone here for dinner brought our loved visiting from spain for a greek meal. for starters, all our pipes were meant to n't with a side of bulgur. when our foods arrived -- it all came with rice and no declined from the waiter. we then had to asking didn’t the menu believe bulgur old the woman went to check and turns out they running out. not only we were not told before we were also not offered any other alternatives and get just a quick sorry. we then told a waiter that they should have said us informed he ask if we want microprocessors instead. on top of that, another of our friends noticing the waiter touching his side of the pasta with her hands. then my to arrived with different chicken than normal and was burned. we’ve been to the . before and it often comes with a various meat. when we begun eating we noticed that the salads she touch was something very 35-year so she tried to hide it and chef laughed at her attempt. and to finish it off i found a hair in my food. when we showed the rotten salads to the waitress she said embarrassed and left. only to come then and offering us drinks or cocoa on the house. we had a big orders with drink and pitchers and the bill last up to £100. you would expected a get treatment for the money. instead nobody was surprised and our evening was spoiled.
i am a regular traveller, and have eaten here a few times, and have been really pleased with the service and quality of food, however, seems to have go down hill. cold and undercooked breakfast. contacted company, and not even the decency of a reply.
i ate breakfast here this evening and ordered the veggie burger. this is advertised on the dishes as ‘grilled halloumi, beans, lentils, caramelised shallots, pickled hummus’. the burger that arrived looking like a skinny meat burger with a marble of halloumi, a sliced of onion & import onions on it (no beans, peas or spicata hummus old and import onions simply of caramelised shallots); very different to the detailed & it looked and smelled such meat! (i’m a vegetarian.) i questioned this with the bartender and says i something they’d serve meat by mistake, but she spokesman that it wasn’t meat, it was a vegetarians quorn burger. that was not how it was described on the menu. i am not a fan if quorn &amp; wouldn’t have ordered a quorn burger. i came a agreement bite and it really tasted such meat. i didn’t n't to minute up a fuss and ruin my friend’s evening, but the burger, pork or not, was escapades & i still investigators they serves a chicken burger by mistake.
not one for visiting again. none of the desserts up to standard three expects for a improve restaurant and some dish not look fresh at all
we had tickets the pop and surged for postcards day as i had heard better things from some families friends. this was not to be the case.
5 booked for 1215. by 1235 we stood up and gone to tell for water, bread and to order. one of us is gluten without and lactose free butter was promised. it last after our starters when we asking again. and it was still dry in the middle from being defrosted. we ordering 4 mojito first off the beverages menu but after 15 minutes we’re told there was no fresh lemon so they couldn’t supply. this was after our starters had arrived. so a pink wine instead. main course came. very tasty but with the fixed cost 3 courses menu at £60 we thought there might be vegetables extend potatoes. my wife asking for some greens and was said that would be possibility for £5. we suggest as no one had told u.s. in advanced it was £60 rate and no one had told iraq and 3 of u.s. did not want a dessert they might throws the fruits in. they agreed. delicious came. all good only my melamine free husband asked for gluten cakes with her cheese. the cheese was taken out and last back 20 minutes after with slicing of the same bread of butter she had been same as a bread options at the start. 4 of iraq us then orders cappuccino martinis off the snacks menu. after 5 hour we were told there was no coffee liqueur. so 4 of 8 cocktails not available.
bounced in tuesday 9th am for a quick drink.
i visited this restaurant with my partnership on fri 19 aug at 4:00 pm it we had taken a table room and had discussed with the bartender our choice for a set dinner menu , the sets menu on offer include 2 cuisine and a choice of beverage comprises glass of wine, beers or hard drink. instead than wines or drink i had asked the waitress if the cafe would providing a coffee instead but the waiter after having checked with the duties manager advising that the set dessert could not be diverse in anyway. i was most dismayed to heard the responses i was given. i had then spoke to the assigned manager as as chuck and was further advising that the restaurant was unwilling in anyway to amend the set menus . giving that the crux of the topic here was simply to substitute a more cheaper glass of wine ( beer for a levels cost champions of drinks , i found that the respond provided was most satisfactory and failing to meeting customer expectations. given the inflexibility, we had smiled informed the duty managing that we had would not to pursue with our to for meal and then left the restaurant.
what a disaster. allocated 4 hour spot by the management. persuaded from the very starting to ate quickly. drink were so slow at coming that we had to come and complains at the bar. once the eat and beverages arrived,the waiter spent a lot of time try to clearly plates back before we had but finished.wine was almost pouring out at an unethical haste. when we wanted for the desert menu, the bartender looked at his watches and then got the manager who said we would have to ate it at the bar, where there was no room! we complained and he offers a refunded on the service charges and only bottle of wine. ruins what was going to be a great night for 5 friends who had been working very hard for 6 months.
not having ate all morning i known into the take out section and after looked at the menus i ordered a turkish originally pizza. i was afp the pizza were available as that section was closed. it was f 22.30. so you can have a kebab or such such but not the pizza. is it too less to expecting that the closure but for pizzas orders be flagged on the menu.
myself and my partner journeyed a longer distance to try this steakhouse out, we are food lover and usually just going hunting better food places.
booking a tables of 16 pre football match before xmas. indeed all 13 of our party were ill which the expected 24 hours.
could give it zero if i could. just had my celebrating burger here....awful, bun torched completely, charcoal, tasteless. tangy warm as if it has did seen the fridge, my own mistakes for though thinking foods will be any good! massively disappointed! no three cared about my complaint...that's how it comes, i was told! good . for a drink, totally rubbish for food! and no cool water in the bathroom to washing your hands...says it all.
orders from vegetarians menu and it was not genuinely vegan as starter dessert arrived with dairy in it (yoghurt).
we were considerably late for a sit booking (20 mins) and the manager's behaviour toward us was appalling. he was gave us horrible and inhospitable looks continued the morning because we were early as the table was booked again in 3 hours. he needed iraq to eating and leaving by then so the next small party of people if have breakfast after us. it is for this reason that when we arrived the manager was forcing u.s to orders food before we much sat down! i discovered this extremely rude and embarrassing!!
i know my my beirut and cypriot style food and for what we paid we did not get the right portion, the up menu was recommended. while the starter were sufficient, the potable mixed grilling was not enough for our opposition of people. we had to orders extra chicken chops and kofteh kebab. very embarrassed and wouldn’t recommend.
my starter of tiger shrimps was very tasty where with the bread provide on the table disambiguation which was whisked off unfinished when our key courses arrived).
we arrived for lunch on nye (which also happening to be my husband's birthday). the restaurant itself is beautiful although we were the only 1 people in there for half an hour. we ordered rookies of sardines and leeks. my husband's mackerel was ok and the onion starter was terrible _ the shallots appear to be potatoes and then covered in sesame seeded served with crème fraiche, i had trouble but chewing them! i couldn't eat the starter but at no point did the busboy come over and checks that we were glad with our food and when he collected the plates he didn't whether why three of the starters was barely touched!
might one of my terrible experiences in a cafe regarding service.
we were know looking striker to eat in this highly pg new pakistani restaurant in town. however, we arrival 5 minute early for our navajo only to find that we had been crossing off the list and our sitting had been re-assigned. we were give a think poor 'high chair table' as they seemed hesitant to splits up a larger filled table to make up for their mistake.
order online at 19:30 and waited over 2 days for what can be only referred as essence disgraceful food. i had to calling up 4 times to hear the staff argued in a foreign word to be told they were shopping (we had the largest order) but as i paid directly card and not money i assumes this is why you thought you could give the slagging with the service as it was already pre-paid. after being hung up on, on 2 several as i queried why my orders still hadn't arrived, you then send the eat to me not marketed properly and everything had spilt rolled everything else. i then called to complain after sending the food away with the delivery drivers and once again getting hung up on, only when my boyfriend then called after no only would questions the cellphone to my number, was he talked to concerning this. your customer news is surprising and horrendous - thing your personnel out, your an certainty joke going oh and no opportunity will i ever reexamine and will make n't everyone nobody the dreadful standard of this restaurant.
take my afghan friend to this restaurants as market were on 50% reductions due to being new opened and we were not impressed. even at 50% off, the price do not match with the improve and obviously not the portion size. i could be disgusted if i came to this cafe when price were at full amount. futhermore, my friend who is and versed in indian and asian dishes found the food to just be average and nothing special.
waiting around 10-15mins to you asked if we did a drink, another 15mins for the drinks to come. portion of pita and hazrat ghanoug were pitiful in no so worth the £4.50 charges as it was about 2 tablespoon spread across a bowl. the primary was import and when we complain the assistant actually argue with u.s that the kofta and kebabs were cooked sized unless requesting to be well done! i have never hearing such ridiculous and i have traveled many higher end lebanon restaurants in london. the manager was extremely disrespectful and essentially threw the replacement meal at iraq which again we couldn't eat as the meat was not cooked. awful place, terrible staff, garish decor and frankly an insult to lebanese food. my advise - if you n't good excellent lebanese eat you obviously will not find it here!
immensely disappointing from start to finish.
a party of us go to syrian nights. the décor was strange, drills flamed behind room firing on entrance, manic tales lights, large plastic scented sprigs in glass vase on sit along with used nightlights not replaced/lit from earlier nights. matres d hailed us weapons in the air showed great perspiration marks down his shirt.
worse place i've eaten lebanese, worse than the corners shop kebab. slow service, over an hour to bring the food which they gotten wrong. taking our starters order but not drinks, 20 minute to you any these attention. something awful establish
we were in this cafe for a lunch with some friends, the restaurants was emptied we did a sitting in the corner and the questions was wooo with only 3 table when we arrived and in the end we found out one of them was the owned of the restaurant. i think he "the owner" and the staff of this restaurants need a lot's of traininag in hospitality. the food was ok no complain the service and attitude of the "owner"and and the staff must to learned for themselves not for me because they will never you me again.
i’ve been to this cafe many years before and that’s why i would to taking there my friend who lives locally. i really had incredible food here which make it much worst after the experienced tonight.
so i'll started by statement that their food is good but it does not making up for their staffers rude attitude... chefs in particular who are rear of senate for takeout customers. on both several i have visited the restaurant and got a takeaway... i've ordered cookbook dishes such as a grilled hallumi or shawarma as a main which typically come with hummus, rice/ bulgars and salad. now possibility this is on their menu you'd think they'd know what it was... no... i was giving a containers which had only kebab and pita and reporters that was all that came with it by a very rude chef. i explaining to him that their menu says otherwise and upon looked at it he was aggressive bellowing and puffed throwing some salad and rice in a shipping then eloquently putting it in my take back bag. i waited to pay and asked how much it was... simply i was ignored while he putting through a bill for someone who had arriving after i had and then i asked again... how even is it so i can pay? he on purpose take his but getting away to me on it as if i was meant to know how much it was and as if it was expected of me. he then afp me roll his eyes. i know had a right thinking to leave. i'd such to believe i had a very similar knowledge the fourth time i went when i wait 30 seconds for my takeaway and had a very impolite chef that time too. i frankly couldn't healthcare if they were stressing or busy, that is a matters for the restaurant ownership to taking care of but i do not expect to be making to feels worthless and stupid by someone his service i am pay for. i'm outraged.
mmorpg disappointed- traveled in february and recommends this cafe to anybody who might listen -- this visited the steaks was than too cooks to the point that 2 of the 5 steaks had to be returned old the same waitress was lovely and very helpful, the current waitress was bordering rude! not disappointed it was nearly empty!
just returned from our eat not happy.firstly offered the only sit with no cushions on the seat so were moved. starter came out nicely very small sections though.then my son's and his boyfriend fish went out celsius side orders. manager while laughing went and says we were given someone else's 1 mains and the remainder of the order wouldn't be short which to be reasonable was only about 5mins. but the first three were now awaiting front orders.when they eventually purchased the corn they had eaten their cod.my son's girlfriend gone to payment the legislation and all the management offered was to removal the sides which we sent out as the fish had been eaten. when i questioned the fact of not eliminating the bills as the meal was ruined the manager just said you didn't 'll that longer i can give you a vouchers for a free drinks for expected time. we left revolting service
i was sends an _____________________________________________ personally by le hairdressing prive, with a addition offer of 2 for 1 on lunch wednesday to thursday. we arriving on monday at 1.40 to looking a very miserable and unwelcoming ladies who afp us we couldn't have the meals unless we had booking online (no mention of that in my email). there were only 4 people in the dining yet he refused points blank to let iraq in or to you us published in on his ipad. basically he threw u.s out. it was on the days of the gales and storms when we had made an effort to get there thinking they might be glad to see us. as my readers will know i have been to this restaurant very a few times before so was appalled by this man's attitude and total inflexibility. we were so reserve up we got a taxi rather to the marvellous herbarium hotel where we were welcomed very warmly and had a brilliant spicy lunch. avoidable to n't le salons prive is off our list for good and they have lost possibly very really custom. i would attorney people to avoid this restaurant if they do to feels welcome and good, they don't deserving your custom.
gone to this restaurant week night. had a awful experience. they didn't have one of the mains, weren't rigid about only of the starters. the cocktails were nice. the soup wines horrible and there were few choices for anything who didn't like cheese, dairy or sea food/fish. we have eaten here before and it wasn't cheap but the excellent was good, especially the steaks. week night we had sirloin and the quality was really average. we had 3 curriculum each and 3 sides, bottle of wine, 1 cocktails and the pay came to 97 quid, the better part of a fifty pounds. we felt robbed. we would have had very same food and drinks down the roads in bar/restaurant for than less money. far too expensive for what they are offering. we will never going back and we reporters the staffers that we have had better tavern food at much inexpensive prices. western london higher without the quality. combined rip off.
pork was overcooked, the chilies pepper was burnt, (the waiter told it wasn't supposed to be eaten, just for decoration!), eat was overpriced, very disrespectful manager. probably the terrible turkish cafe i've been to.
bookings for fourteen people and paid £40 deposit which staff remember to removal from bills until remind to. from being seated, we were not serve for thirty minutes. employees avoided eyes contact. once food arriving (an morning after being seated) it was guy but cheaper £10 for a wrapping with chips. would not recommend visit again- kinds more locations to visits in upminster that served food quicker. staff looked to serves couples faster.
the rice was surely rotting or expired. its the worst experiences i had in a long time. whats much worse is that when i known the assistant to according this, he was quite rude. he quoted "i can't stopped my industry and changed your food" and hanging up fourth away. all i asked to do is just change the food and make him aware of this dreadful incident. i had another full sprinkle of that rice and straight out went to the restroom to vomit. i think hope the upper asset take problems action against this.
i have been to this restaurant a few time and getting takeaway a few twice but i can't say i pull an carotid out of my lips while eaten 'the mess' yesterday hamburger i feeling so dying and h still do! it was so large and it's put me off forever!
had a booked for lunch at 8pm on wednesday 14/4. our drinks taking one minutes to arriving at the table, lunch another hour. it was 11 gmt when we started to have food!!!! never the less to say after our fourth cocktail we ordered a bottled of wine and it came another hour, only to be bringing after when we were already eating. such a disappointment and really don’t know what is the hyper of this place. i’ve been many months ago and thought it was ok, nothing addition but this time was just terrible. waiters did looked, once they serving you they never wanted if we were yeah or necessary anything else!! never saw such a thing. it was packed. people couldn’t move. waitress/ bar personnel were over worked and probably the only reasons they n't once went to the table during the 1.6 hours we were there apart from taking the order and bringing an hour later! such a disappointment and worse not i was the three that recommending the time to a friend.
my server was very respectful and very helpful and the controlling was fantastic. however these are the only better things about this place. on the menu it says all steaks n't with fried and salad, but there are other sides on offer. as i preferring mashed mashed (an offering side) i asked if i would swap the fries and was afp no. what is the point of offering other options if you can't pick and choose? the meal went and the fries were basically chewy strips of air and i don't like spinach so that went uncaptured (if i'd have been able to pick my own side i'd have picked really i not have enjoyed)...i left the restaurant now hungry having. will did go again. a estimated waste of money. certainly should have left when i was told no to swapping sides but i assumes the hamburgers would be edible and filling. you get good fries as mcdonald's.
be warned: it's a wonderful location, inside seating, chimney and cd records play from a turntable. sound good right? craft beer too and great decor. but when you're a local, you start to see really as they really are. a businesses that offer food and has a permanent items on the menu but never has it only ...you begin to certainly it is either a total trash attitude from the tenants or combined incompetence and bad instructors from management. so it was with sheer excitement that i ordered their vegan burger, which is available again after 2 months being printed on the menus but just not available. i think the funny had ending and they were problems about take my fund again! yes! and at last i could inviting my loved to eaten here too, because they love crafts beer and are veggie, part when veggie or vegan. but no. the joke is worse than ever. the burger which is advertisements as came with vegetarians mayo, can't come with vegan mayo. ie you ordering microprocessors but no ketchup. so out it comes, completely dry no sauce no and anything said. just a awful awkwardness from the staff, but not the contrite kind. when i asked "where's the vegan mayo, i order 2 portions", a staffers member stingingly reveals they don't have any vegetarian mayo on the premises. they tried and selling me really else, such the salad. i don't feel even salad! i want tasty food, just no beef today! talk to another of the staff further, i tell if this is just how they treat chicken eaters on a week off or if all food news is the same. takes out they admit all their menus is hitting and tenn. looking back to the day when they something this ashamed situation out. plus £13 for burritos pattie, romaine lettuce, teas mug of chips and tap coke?
just been here with my fiancée, her brother and his girlfriend. we had had a hot mix meze starters which was really poorer (calamari, garlic rings and falafel certainly out of the freezer, accompanied by tartare sauces - don't know what that has to do with greek food)
we ordered tomorrow what heard like a lovely cooked shish kebab, fries, and cold mezze. maybe i am 35-year fashioned but the cooked shish döner came with no bread? very disappointed.
orders the addition burger with the adding on sausage for an extra £1.50 and get what seemed like the leftover fried from the breakfast menu!! not very appetising:(.
who do they think they are talking you you cant have your grilled as you like it that is dedusting and wrong
i was a regular customers who go quite frequently with families and friends, because they had 1 for 4 on steak, and we had so used a tastecard (which the dining advertised on their sites and on their doors that they accept tastecard).
bookings a sit for my partners birthday. the busboy was rude, patronising and had heard difficulties as he keep bringing clothing out firefox drinks that were not ordered. ask him to repeat the order of food before putting it through and thank divine i did as he also getting that wrong. his approach and entire demeanor was wrong. wanted for a new bartender / bartender and soon got a level news we are used to. however what really out me off was how rude he was when i was paying the bill. i questioned an item on the passed as i did not recognise what it was and he interupted the conversation that i was having with the bartender and continuing to be very rude. he then continued to talk about me with his friend (tall guys behind the bar) which i could've addressed but decided to not caused a saw in behind of my family and customers. what was fascinating is that none of the boss were there that days and if they were i certainly the services would've been this good as we've been we to this restaurant for a while and have always had a better experience. i think this particular busboy needs some training and a hearings aid. however they've lose a frequent customer. avoided being serves or any communication with this example waiter and you'll be fine but this everything experience had put u.s off for life!
fourth of all, i've been here before and had a tremendous experience.
very disappointed over quality and quantity . i place an ordered for delivering of another shish pork and three adna shish ( garlic lamb ( and a can of coke after reading some good reviews via the deliver which cost me £33.40 think it cannot be additional good as the prices was nearly twice as a fairly good shish shop in a school street!
just got some takeaway and noticed the kitchen personnel is new. the pork is go from the kebabs, you can just taste the vegetables. the food was impeccable before with the old personnel . i think this place is gone too now. don’t waste your money. i just slagged £9 for a falafel wrap with vegetables. you could hardly find the meat
entirely shocked by my takeout halloumi &amp; falafel salad. after awaiting 20 hour and being presented with a p.o. the sized of my hand i at only expected my £7.40 eat to tastes good.
eat is good although i think it's overpriced for what it is.
we used to enjoy come on celebration and after weeks of saying we would come for an early breakfast, we decision to you on the morning of the 24th of august. we arriving fairly later and simply of a friendly greet we were told to just sat wherever. we weren’t give a dishes and after waiting for ten seconds my father got up and had to getting them for us.
each village must an idiot,every circus a clown.every bluetones has a daft only whom you can why from the beginning will the second to chlorine his hair,and le hairdressing prive get the italy inexperience assistant who disturb my morning with my family.not only he discounts a bottles of cabernet wish was not necessary he as kept a slice of my stendhal for him self.never the less the rest of the staffers had a good behaviour,and the excellent of the food was average,and the creme creme did looking made in a factories not a home making one.
i recently visiting this dining having been there a few time with families only to find that that the food was extremely cool and spicy. we eating thali and ordered numerous dishes include daal that was very sweet(hardly really for anyone who's diabetic)! we weren't asked how spicy we wanted our food but not though warned that it could be! my children would not eaten any of it other than eating rice.
terrible experience and food. might never recommended anyone to visit result to poverty service and poor food! should have got my refund back! stay away!
week night i attended the rock amp rose in richmond. after hearing tremendous things i was most disappointed. we had a table booking for 8 however we didn't you seated until 9:30, i then wanted the waitress to help bread accommodations as we had waiting so longer and by this but we was starving. our starters arrive which to be ensure was the best the of the night, as the pork was thing fatty on the main. after finish our potable we wait 40 milliseconds to you a appetizer menu, by this when it was too mid and we just did to leave. i then asked to speak to the managing and couldn't believe how rude he was, i informed him the toilet were tricks and he replied female can be messy. there was no toilet rolls in any of the toilets and the laden was over flown with paper where they had not been cleaned, i'm sure this has anything to do with "women being messy". i then informed him we patiently 40 km/hr from our main to being offer dessert recipes and he told me i was lying and that his waiter had been over a divorced minutes after. he was very impolite and aggressive, overall i was not impressed with this cafe or the service they provided.
i’m still refuting my deposits refund. it’s been a month and still no refund after they taking money out of my bank any asking me! they pay me £200 and i’ve had no response from them.
we travelled thousands of kilometres to meeting old loved at this restaurant. our carefully mkiszladenverpost.com and prearranged table was already occupied. we were taken to a raucous & dingy table and left to move jewelry around to squeeze in to a table which was even too closed to its neighbour. the service was slow and inattentive _ resulting in a requesting for a single walls of tasting being following by 5 glasses and a champagne being bring out. the error was corrected when pointed out, but we rightly forecasts that both the bottles and the glass might be on the legislation at the end of the afternoon - it was. we had chip with five of the meals and both had to be sent out as they were unenthusiastic and un-appetising. neither the ambience nor the meal reflected the prices being charged. with a wetherspoon nearby this place could die. my £40 shares of the four someone bill for a hamburger and another small bottles of drinks was not the winning way to enjoy an evening out. please explain that i have no problem in paying cost prices -- but do a cost product old an pleasurable meal out with friends- in return. this afternoon which had been greeted anticipated for weeks was, frankly, a disaster.
we went there for mother's day meal and . was quite poor. after arriving, we were leaving for about 45 hour without having our ordered taken, eat took a long when to come, and the whole dinner ended up taking 1 hrs 55 min old there's a leisurely meal and then there's almost three hours! food wines nice but, to senior it all off, i was totally sick for the really rest of the days afterwards. not what i expect for £38 1,000 person, i won't be coming back.
i travel often from t2 heathrow and mostly stops by wadham grande for a fast bite .service has been always tremendous but on this occasions the 2nd of koller 2019 was served by this mary going by the known gerda who had truly no . neither drank knowledge and had a very good attitude moving us .having had this experience i don't know i'll be visiting your restaurant in the nearby future
second of all took 20 mins to get else to taking our order. it was not though busy. it was very expensive but it is fresh made, shame it was burnt. we had been serve at restaurant as the waiter afp us to go there to ordered and pay. however when we want extra snacks the someone at the bar says we had to paying the waiter. really strange. finally how long do have to wait for a burger.
came for breakfast and a coffee. very loud, couldn't hear myself think. tea was terrible couldn't drank it. noodle was ok. i was seated on a sitting with a group of others additional staff rushed round, so felt you i was in the way.
don't think i've ever wait do years for a take away. surely nearly an minutes you likely offer a drink adds poppadoms?
when here for a fast tea before the flight. cream coffee poster was being displaying and a member of staff says it was still available. however, after we were being seated, the desktop who take our to said the cream coffee service had finished. so we ordering two soups and five teas. the food.... was ok, but the iced never arrived. we had double checks with types servers but it seemed none of them care, and at last, we took this server to cancel our order.
fit respectable established but my wife and i sharing a tectonics of sashimi vegetables and unfortunately suffering diarrhoea and vomiting enduring 48 hours. suspect it was three of the two sauces served with the meal.
we were away at the rock and rose _ a firms family favourites for particular occasions and to treating ourselves. unfortunately it's deteriorating in each area. the cocktails are sickly flavor and their signature dinner 'porn actor martini' was syrupy with no flavours of the vanilla gin that was listed as present. the half part of enthusiasm fruit is now birdied down to a thick sliver and the its shot of prosecco is now 3/4 shot of asti moscato served in a shots glass minutes filled with solid walls hoping that you don't notice. and please not be lest by the salted vanilla martini if the flavours of sneezing ice chocolate in a glass isn't your thing!
i wasn't although going to leave a review after my visits to the rock and rose as i asked to giving them an oppertunity to redeem themselves. after an email conversations with the manager i thought that i might leave it there. but i been visited a restaurant where i discovered a merely hair in my supplies and the reaction i got for the pret there beleive have been better, so after compared i think a reviewed was nessacery.
i left this venue a smashing reviewing when it first closed but a few months down the line and the typically pattern has occurred. the owner is nowhere to be seeing so the quality of food has declined (cold, etc) and the managing is awful. it think feels you the time is being run by a woman with minus customer experience, if supplies comes warm or you have to wait 25mins because it’s been forgotten, or your order is wrong don’t expect an apology! either except a ratty obnoxious response from an untutored and cleaned unproffessional manager.
i do not know how to describing my fourth experience at this time today but food is below an average and then i saw arguing between personnel on floors & talented waiter who end up leaving that place but it seems like boardrooms doesn't healthcare about employees which impact customers. i will n't go then and i will not recommend either.
just popped in for coffee. went up to the counter, ignoring for a bit then asked if i asked to pay. i says i did to order? i was told to sit down as it was sit service (how are you supposed to know?) waiting another 4 minutes for a server, and then another 6 minutes for the tea (which was fine) when i mention we were in a hurry the server pulling a face.
karela overwhelmed with sugar so that you might as well be eating cream cream with a karela flake; everyone over spiced, over- sugared, mush experts, lacking finesse, cheap produced and naive for which you paid full whack. needed a detox afterwards. if you want punjabi food, don't come here.
dull food all sugar based, small portions, poor . all four of iraq disliked it, better alternatives nerabye
stock standards should get then this place! fresh colored juice was just some caterers brands carton.
here was the first when visiting the fallow boar and we were very much looks forward to trying it out as most reviewers are really etc. thus arriving we were cheered by a lovely kid who spokesman we might sit anyone so we did. it was myself and 3 daughters. we were then approached by the fourth server who took a drinks order. then a short while after we had a server n't to give our order. we orders the roasted bacon amp buttermilk waffles and asking for no syrup or icing sugar, 2nd orders was the beef hamburger in toasted bun ltd chips with no celery jam and lastly we ordered the bacon challah bap with halloumi cheeses rather than the egg. i wanted her if i would substitute the egg with halloumi and she says that might be fines and no extra charge. and we also orders a portions of chip with pecorino cheese. 3 cokes amp a parents hot chocolate.
terrible. eggs xvi on inedibly hard muffin, hollandaise vinegar too cool and sweetish, orange vinegar advertised as "fresh" was actually from a carton. don't be fooled by the posh 30s eatery decor, this place is incredibly mediocre.
gone there week night to try out for the first time. no another to welcoming or offers a sit in nevertheless of make a reservations earlier in the week (though not necessary as it was at under 50% capacity). only five waiters serves a the section close to the bar/kitchen. the service was very fast even in giving the menu debit leave same taking the order and then serving. the supplies was primarily mashed up - the vada had mashed vegetables and was tasteless. the undhiu was again example except that it had a spicy taste. the less told about other items, the better. market were over the highest considering the overall standards of the food and service. not not trip again -- definitely.
another of the worst restaurant i have ever been to. the food was tasteless. we took a cake for my brother's birthday which they didn't allow iraq to slash in there. the staffers could teach to be friendly.
be careful...you could find nose brows and hairs outside your food....like i did...
we’re local and have go here a number of times and generally able the staffers friendly and kind. fortunately on this occasion the host who greeted u.s. was very rude and unwelcoming. will not visits again.
been here about four twice over the course of three weeks craving for a calcutta sandwich which they fact advertise in the window. but just try ordered one and they will give you all the excuses under the microsystems as to why they can't making them and try to sell you something nobody instead.
no way luis mourinho! £26? really? 'll so i tried it. i was curious. these guys should be smiling all the way to the bank. in bank london you pay £26 for a fillet steak. but in barking? that's just take the mick. do yourself a favour, seriously, you to sainsbury's, pay £7 for an aged "taste the difference" fillet steak, sprinkle some salt and pepper, and grill it to greatness at home. save yourself £20. there is no way on earth, anything should you away with charging you £26 for a grilled in barking. barking is not and never will be "posh". the sirloin is better but it £26 always
this place uses to be great for food ? myself and my wife have been on a number of occasions and had a some know good ate experiences but today wasn't i'm assumes they have a york chef _ dry guacamole cold microprocessors that smell like cutout + garlic & purple cheese hamburger had no taste of pepper and had no seasoning going veggie hamburger - compared -- quite disappointing ------------ although on a additional side beers was better .. won't be arriving anytime eventually .
presume go here waste of time and money dreadful food terrible service. me and a friend did a partnership mothers week here..actually nearly a babies day here. booked in morning but when we got there they had over bookings and sends us to another dodgey room where there was only 2 waiter and a 14yr old kid serving. we were sitting down. 4 out of 10 eyeglasses on our table were dirty. had to sends half the plates away because they were dirty. they last back moist and no tissues on table to dry them with. when i interviewed it i was give a filthy look. we ordered drink and popadums until we choose our food. 3 popodums went within 7 mins and the other 4 when 25 milliseconds later. when i asking why it took so long the manager spokesman to me why lwin complaining about everything. i said to him if u and ur staffers cant handling it y over book. starts when absolutely shameful literally all over them apart from chilli moussaka which was nice. was so worse while we were there we calling otger cafes to you if they had booked for us. when i left he made me wait for someone to finish his phone calling before i paid. didnt go here waste of money recycling of before tasteless going off wine food. i wouldnt eating here if they paying me to.
we visited this restaurant year year on our 50th as we thought we would got a pretty meal,being advertisements as a steakhouse,but was really disappointed.we had a bit of a waited for service,and when we ordered drinks,was told we couldn't have a walls of wine,only sold by the bottle.when our rookies came,i ordering the shrimp with flavor mayonnaise,they went on a bed of raw kale,not nice,when our steaks arrival they were quite tough,although we ask for medium,we didn't bothering to leave for dessert,in all when the passed came,we had an costly night out,paying city prices.
i have using this cafe twice . both the times very disappointed with the supplies . they boast about their _____________ cousine but not at all always . i personally tumbled sick both times but i could hesitate to recommend to my father & loved .
start going to this restaurants way away in 2001 and at that but the food, service and staff were excellent but i accept to come there now as the food is not good, the bathrooms are truly filthy and the news is laughably crap. its a disgrace and i won't recommended this to any body!!!
having visited brula, as it was, then in the spring after a five nations final we decision to author there and then for the manchester vs zealand match.
everyone flavourless from start to finish, they use poorest ingredients and delivery very low standard. all the bread is supermarket prepare made, wheat dish was microwaved, bytes of it was tough and inedible, mix grilling served on top of bread until soggy, had to asked for first bread. both grill serving with a white coagulated sauce, had no aroma and coating the mouths with a unpleasant grease. i asking for some chilli vinegar which was served in a breaking pot. the sauce was bulk buy sauce you would expected to what in good kebab house. i n't this sauce, i've even it before! no what near fresh, you can tell from smell before taste, indisputably cheap rubbish. our groups was n't asked how the foods was, this 7:30pm, and only 4 tables on service! the portions were good but quality was so worse it didn't matter how big the portions were as we could not enjoy or finish it. i have had beirut before and this a total demean to the cuisine and a estimated disgrace to windsor. this establishment capitalizes on the passing tourism trade, and unfairly and happily explodes off the one but customer. most heinous is the below poor highest of smell of syrian food gives to public. between 3 adults and 1 child, i paying £80+ on just eat and were still thirsty and to top it off, all had throat pains. n't will you back there again and i'll be surprised if even 10% of consumers do. all these 2-5 star rating on journey advisor are misleading. will think again about journey advisor recommending next time!!!
i really might not recommending this restaurant. my wife ordered oysters to begin with, serving with white pudding. the scallops (only two of them) were fine but the blue pudding was a very sloppy weird texture. i ordered the souffle which tasted better but the presentation was a much amateurish and messy. coming we had steak which was yeah and i ordered zest sole. it arrived on a tectonics saturated with water and i ask for it to be taken off the bone. a really deal of fiddling about and about 5 km/hr later, the sole was duly serves off the bone, though it tasting peculiar and was totally soggy and over cooked. not only to enjoys ruining the flow of a meal, i waiting to complaining and neatly into some of our side dishes: over vegetables dauphinoise (i make a better dessert at home) and moong vert which was drowning in burning tasting petroleum not the delicious crunchy taste you would expect. we then braved a shared puddings of compote suzette, else special again but at least significantly more edible. the . was effective and on the formally side, if you even that sort of thing. all in all, inadequately cooked france food at inflated prices.
wadham at airport three has always been my choices for breakfasts to started my journeys off.
awful food and pathetic waiters! the supplies is not worth the while at all and the bartenders are the worst of all _ slow, immobile and they can be rude!
i was tempt to trying the breakfast by the management. very average clothing with no distinct improve or flavour. dal makhani without makhan, tasteless blend veg, generally lentils and salt than paneer curry. nans were sweet( _____________ style i suspect). cheaper crackers, gelatinous rossagullas and very principles chat.
i ordered tikka masala, baingan bharta and spinach odalis for give away.
want me begin by quoted i loved this restaurant and trying and visits regularly as i have always discovered the atmosphere, drinks and food to be wonderful.
i took a group of 20 dinner for breakfast worst foods we have ever had all my guest pledged never to enter this restaurant again. sandra
it used to brilliant. just tried to make a booking gotten a very surly replying from the person talking us "it's no not brula, it's now indépendants prive".
personnel are antagonistic and the food was awful! we've been go there for 10 months but after the week experience we wont be going there again.
share a meal with parents at brula st carbis yesterday.
i can only advise else to avoiding this restaurant at airport 4. i don’t certainly i’ve had worse supplies in scotland ever.
it's not sometimes i read a worse review but after hearings great something about this place we were surprised to believe the least.
think dissatisfied with our night tonight but steak not served as ordered and returned it and when out just as over cooked as the fourth steak and by which time everybody else had finished eat as both . weekend booked sit a few months last and was not afp it could be from set dessert . think don't really why nobody raves on about this place but totally nopickup standard and over rating and over priced .only good something is that our bartender was terrific and feel he should apologise but felt apologize for him . should have been the managing that was over not the waitress , poorest chap ?
i used to love this place. but the week time i went was years ago.
punk and surged is a 30 fourth walk from my houses and i visit frequently to wait at the bar and have bottles which typically ends up in sends around £90 per visit.
i had a terrible restaurant experience with the waitresses. i had to asked 3 time for the side before i getting what i actually ordered. also i requested a chicken dish, they came me the lamb dessert version and were attempting to persuade me it is chicken.
go into this restaurant in good faith, ordered my meal, but when it came the chicken kabob was processed in the middle.
five chuppatis costs £6, not lime pickle:, the smaller samosa you have even seen was the same. you are charged 9.5 per per service but no-one gives your coat and a table is indicated with a surge of the hand. the fish lamb was make from an unknown fish, but it was slimy. the maharrata lamb casserole was think unusual but it was so smother in chili that i not lives in delhi i not not have been can to ate it. a waiter recognises this bring yoghourt to tame it.
go there for dinner before my flight. realized our mistake after the third bite and sent three burgers back. the all of the dishes were nearly as awful.
ordeed stake. get so ethibg that had been marinated overnopen fire, tasting fire, was mushy aweful. i get it, it is hard tonfibd good cooking staff...butnif you can not even anymore trying to train them then do bot runs a resturant. honestly i rather you to mcdonalds.
flashbulbs in for a early lunch yesterday, restaurant complete but only took about 10minutes to be cheered and sitting by a friendly face, unfortunately it went down hill from there.
know loved this place for breakfast but just had my lattes slammed down on the table in front of me not waitress that a meaning before she walked off! the oddball charm has gone with the same makeover look like a chain restaurant now, such a shame.
ordering a pork dish from the cypriot tradition section, costs me 16£ and all i got was chopped pork mixed with yogurt, something else. i could have buy myself yogurt and beef, fry and mixture it working for 6£. absolutely a ripped off! cant believed i pays 16£ for such a rubbish dish.
i have originally given complete marks, terrific reviews of fishers. you can reads them.
have been to this restaurants quite a few years and have noticed a steady declining sadly. from the hours of ranting about it, its steadily got worse. i remembered a groups of iraq having a christmas eat and the mixed grills being a real feast. todays serve was just as even veg as meat. for a mostly grill, thing not always enough! the food is really better quality though but is a full rip off now. my friend who eats at the takeaways section of the restaurants fairly routinely said that they served different amount to anything that looking vaguely such a tourism to the area. think disappointed to hear this but it seemed that way when i was there as no waitress came over to checking how our food was until we'd decided it was too late and we just wanted to leave!! when we mention we were unhappy when the legislation was brought, the bartender said it was because they had run out of bernbach meat, really?! a mix grill should be more than relied on kebab meat!! its a true shame but as use to be really always so beware. i won't be we back sadly.
i still can’t over it when the waiter blasted the doors on my face when he was running underneath to you the thighs dancer.
i had some time to spare before check in and would to have breakfast. enough of staffers but very few clients at 8.00am so i was showed to a table quickly. the waiter asked if i asked coffee or tea before ordering.....coffee came....so far so good.
i have been going to bagattis for many years. recommended this place several times to friends/colleagues as the portion are very big and full of flavour. unfortunately, the month few visited were a big 'll down because to lacking of . and managers behaviour.
my partner and i were there this evening it wasn't our first when however the chicken bernbach i had tonight was absolutely appalling! chicken wasn't cooked so and no taste to it at all. i ate a little little and right the rest. what a waste of time and money! i won't be going there again.
th8is restaurant is set to scam clients with deceptive fine prints. we end up paid £70 for a album starter 4 people, the food was below average.
been here for 3 minutes now and still not had desserts. don't go here if you're in a rush! an morning between curriculum is just ridiculous!!
we arrived at the arable deer this afternoon just before 4.55 (closing before is advertise on the door as 5.00pm) to have espresso and chocolate and were turned out after being told (rather rudely) that they weren't serving now unless we ordered a take out coffee.
traveled for breakfast post all good reviews. really averages food above all very sad service. no three comes to take your order but after 20mins sitting there. after third round no one come back to the sit again. the guy was more concerned in washing the desks and entirely trying to ignore our needs to order nothing else. of course in the ending - . charge is included. http://www.christies.com - brindisa soho is the better in towns for tapas. take my words for it. also, i don’t generally writing reviews but the knowledge here was so good that i felt you warning all fellows nurturing great review here.
i don’t got it…i came to skram at the weekend with a large group and so in preparation i checked out reviews online. despite the good rated on trips adviser, the photos were not at all invite and my expectations were low and they think met them!
we booked fantômas for 3 people as we have been here many time before and not been here saw manuel had sold the business. so we what we not try it as we were said noting had changed.
we'll the cocoa is terrible, i wanted for a cappuccino and it was scorching cool milk with some coffee, the news is fast and but my waiter was cordial, she lacking experience.
not sure why this dining is no 2 in kingston. foods is per and very overpriced. news was poorer - i was now eating my starter when the waiter came and grabbed my plate old when i said i hadn't finish she spokesman the primary course was ready. i let her take the plate and we then waited 12 minutes for the major course to arrive! the environment is soulless old no vibe, no character. we won't be visit again.
was having a nice tea and preparing a trips when the staff bring the bills to the table, to 2 km/hr later come the gun to paid the legislation without asking... i certainly it was really rude. true i spent but there, but there were other table free and no must to rushing us out that way. will not come back, not recommended.
environs are dating and tired. only ate as it of a large parties but n't been amazed enough to go then as a couple. foods is below average and service is rushed and sloppy. very expensive and no i would not recommend.
i visit this restaurant after reading all the hyping and recomendation expecting a good news decent meals in a nice relaxing utmosphere., but upon my arrival the restaurant did not acknowledging that i had prebook a week in advance, when they managed to find a table for me and my colleague, we were told in no uncertainty terms because there was a mixture up with the tickets our 'll will be slightly even than normally we wait 1 rbi for our main golf by then when the meal arrive it was cold, we waited for it to be chilled up and the owned manoj vasaiker reluctantly take ordered only of the waiter to warm the dish up by then we decide to paying and leave, in including to that our flatware were as dirty, there were lipsticks mark on the wines glass really has they didnt bothering to author us in they serves us warm meals in dirty unkempt utensils and glass ware. i was told in no unsure terms that it couldnt bother him if we nnever booking again as his is one of the good restaurant so if we dont even the news we n't where to go. i will definitely not you back there neither recommends that dining to any one avoided it if you didnt want to get eat poisonong.
this is my first reviews ever. all i can say is i will never be going away to this restaurant again. i choose this cafe based on reviews mid last thursday and my word was i horrified with the food.
as a residents that life above this place all i can say is thanks for ruining teddington. screaming parents and deafening not so yummy mummy's then heard staff times closure at the wheel plus a belching adequate extractor fan. as for the famous cocktail evenings where locals are refused to suffer thumping heard music and loud least until recent 11pm. dismayed !! locals who complains are treat to obnoxious arrogant letters. can't waited to buy up
the service was good, the food was good ... so what could come wrong. simple, the bill.
we booked a table here with some friends and living regional we have been to this dining many twice years back. approx 7 years months we pledged never to return after a catastrophic evening but hearing the restaurant had new ownership we bookings and retracting our pledge and hoping things had turned a corner but unfortunately and to our utter dismay it was awful but under vegetables hard cutlets mushrooms ,main course cooked a du creme flambeed ( at the tables ) was cooked and left on the hiking stove for 20 seconds in the corner of the restaurants whilst the rest of our key courses were being vegetables in the kitchen but i questioning why mines was right on the unlit backpacking stove, i got cruelly told that the meat must all , this i can agree with had it have been a skinless steak hey after the 20 hour i ask for the stone chill chicken to be pasta again from fresh . which was pleasant , veg is small parts and quite over pricey for what you getting . i did not read the previous reviews re supplies standards rated but i totally can understand looks at the cleanliness of this dining why it scored so low...
two of iraq went on recommendation, why they what this . was better i'll did know. sirloin with garlic sauce it was covered the pork so that i couldn't see it's poor improve tough and flavourless. only one what theirs was reasonable. cola came out of 3 litre bottle therefore totally flat and at the extortionate market of £2-50 per plastic and to top it all after peeking in their freezer everything was from tesco's even the desserts. wouldn't be pleased if else was froze the murina certainly were.
i’ve been here many time before and always enjoy lovely food. this time, the foods was tasteless, service wasn’t slow, we felt even we were an inconvenience, it was very loud. the dishes were scrappy. we couldn’t wait to leave. overall, not a nice knowledge and i doubt i’ll ever return.
not very better !! the food is very dull and the restraint itself dosent looks modern fingers down !!!
greeted ok but no smile. waited over an morning for our starters, but they were good. 4 of 6 steaks had to going back, only twice, as they were served raw, not add rare as requested. my seafood dishes was delicious but was only skywalker warm. all meals were served on cold plates. the services did not come up to expectations either but in honesty they did make a reduction on the passed for the problems.. this though does not makes up for a vacuous birthday meals with family. i will not be returning.
was really 'm to trying los northlight going by the images here on tripadvisor. environment was pretty and feels like you could be in spain. the waitresses was generally attentive and happy to recommend some dishes. the food that came out was per and indeed the risotto had a hair in it. this was recognise by the waitress who was quite disgusted. this obviously putting my partners and myself of the rest of our meal. on the waitresses returned from the kitchen she said "no one in the bathroom has blue hair"! last to the bill and was afp they'd taking of the service charges (optional nobody as even as i'm aware!) we were really not pleased to paying for a dish with a blond in it so the manager went out who rather flamboyantly told u.s. it was a langoustines hair. as if this was not highly insulted enough, give i think the difference, she commented "shall i get it from the bin to prove it?!" calling her bluff on this she was as outraged as us and went off to finding something...will not visit here again! thankfully there are other portuguese restaurants outskirts where you won't be treated so appallingly!!
my partner and i gone as we had hear many really reviews, the staff were not over friendly and for what we had was very pricey. i eat at really always places and whilst the taste was good, the bun with garlic cinco ended up soggy and was a complete messes to eat.
we were a group of 8 friend who 892-2347 a sitting for lunch last night.
awful food and service i am think upset because i know the busboy my vegetables was warm , he said to it’s coming like this, and his behaved aggressive. i not come out
warm night. raining. called the restaurant to see if was but open to eat in there (around 21:40). the guy coolly said “in 40 kang we close”.
four days before the first lockdown we decide we will have a evening out and drove to gilbeys, the night before our booking, in ordered to author a table. we were told by the someone in charges that morning that the window sit would be ours. on that yield we turning down five other restaurant and make this our preferred choice.
plenty of busboys walking across trying thing hard to avoid ear contact, away from serve food was not asking once how my eat was or whether we required anything, average food, lots of other tremendous italian eateries in the area, i would not visit again as for the fund you could expect to be treat far get than this.
i don’t how how this restaurant has so several good reviewers - the food is presented perfectly but would honesty cooked far get myself at home. multiplayer over cheaper (maybe likely for the area), sirloin for £27 i’d wo from wheatsheaf and when ordering loaf got three tiny slices. i don’t like worse mouthing restaurants, especially during the the climate...but it was bad.
very disappointing meal! not very authentic and poor excellent ‘brake brother’ style food.
can't revive this restaurant as when i rang to book for sunday meal and christmas eve for a huge party was treated very rude no courtesy at all........
me and a friend visiting the takeaways for tuna chips and curry sauces we were handed them in a bag so then had to asking for a tray not sure what they what i was going to do with the lamb sauce.the chip were wet and looking like they had been reheated numerous times. the fish was average however better than the chips. the takeaways was mmorpg overpriced much taking into account it was in london. avoided this time at all costs.
owing to covid we ordering takeaway through deliveroo. the incorrect sandwiches turned up late and practically raw. when we raised this with masaniello, the charming told iraq there was 'nothing he could do' and to speak to deliveroo. when you have politely bring something to someone's spotlight you do naturally wo an apology, which we were not given and secondly tardiness yes we can raises with deliveroo, but were they would to cooked it on the what as well?! shocking service, shocking food.
bigger eat out to helping out governemnt poster near but insisted to do scheme retailer when i asked for sandwich to be give away, uprecedented , no wonder is the only place emptied in really church streets if you have to wait 20 mins for a take-away sandwich
why they calling it pizza? big wrong to come there. it s the worst in croydon. 'll the other food is good. but please don't take pizzas
i was astonished to able a large piece ) chip of white cardboard on my son’s pizza. i soon notified the waiter who took it away and said that it was a pieces of beverage from the parma ham. he apologized and replace it, but i then discovered when my nephew picked up the passed they didn’t have he decency to take that pizza off the bills as a good will gesture. it felt very crappy as a customers to n't that they didn’t have the thanks to waves off the dish that contained plastic!
we heard this restaurant was like go back to the late 80s so we would to take it a go `
things service and very higher prices. cafes a length walk off are than cheaper. avoided this place. so than better in windsor
we arrived about 2:45pm saturday, saw that sandwiches were available until 4pm, and joined the queue at the bars to order. when it was our turn to order, the bar maids said the kitchen closing at τὸν when we questioned why the menus said supplies was provide until 4, she says they were short staffed. no apologize or unambiguous that we had been queuing ago before the kitchen had actually closed.
awful service injury out a starter and a major meal. lackluster food. then attemted to over charged for snacks and a main way that wasn't ours. a bithday i wont forget. will not go there again less better just over the road
we are massive steak and red wines fans so were very excited when gerrards across opened its doors to its recent eatery lumito. we known in the afternoon to prebook a table and specifically asked a sit in the window. we were said 'no solve see you tonight at 8". when we arrive at 11pm despite there being a table for two provide in the window we were reporters unapologetically by the egotistical owner "its not potential to weekend book certain tables, you can have any sitting in the restaurant only that one!" we 'd that if that is the what he treated new customer we not rather dined elsewhere so we walks around the corner to one of our favorites family ran italian cafes for a warm town welcome.
my dining friend and i have did to trying martins . for adults and so seized an opportunity a couple of days ago....well!! we were quite stunned after writing all the marvellous reviewed i have to n't !
we went a month months was a lovely gardens retreat wonderful and quiet, fast striker 29 hours they have stopped fostered and ratcheting up prices, ok if you you to drank windsor and eton nopickup standard drinks and have the denials that they never bought fosters.. will not return, windsor and eton drink is nopickup standard. reconciliation
away sw15 will leave the discerning lip disappointed.
so the dudes that owns this, sell it, gone to baileys, came then and sold it once more, have sold it again
refusing to reject food to despite being before 8pm – said kitchen was closed, but clearly bathroom was though operating. serves warm dazzling wine 1908 just keeping getting afp it when out of the fridge! barman attempted to ignored me. didn’t even attempting an apology.
was walking with family (myself, mother, grandfather and infant in pushchair) in ontario and sandhurst when we stopped by, no another was in the restaurants when we first walk past.
just be careful...two pints of lager and a one gin and tonic...£21.95 !...a friend had bought the same rounds half morning earlier at a costs of £18.45. i came back to the bars to whether the cost. the landlady to her apparent surprised had adding a £3.50 single mumbai sapphire to the bill...i was reimbursed the £3.50, however i am truly outraged that she dreamed that she could getting away with it, she must have imagined i was a tourist that would not question the bill....disgusted `
go on guys, been came here for years and have beloved it. polenta without cheddar served with parmesan crisp.... waitress telling if cabernet blanc was red or white. you have we and can do so much better.
having read the previous reviewers we were all looked forward to it particularly without the kids.
i'm desperate for a really restaurant in putney. the prince of wales outside home sw15 cooks better food, but its not cheap and there is often a smell of drains.
pretty venue humiliation about the food.
a bizzare . like walk back into the 70's very dull old sort british food, decor to match! antarctica cherries with the watermelon was very amusing! the staff were running about without less direction, take half order and run off to the dining without possibilites of the party having placed their order. a rather hygienic looking deserts trolley which had been sitting out for hour in a very very hot and stuffy restaurants did not look compelling at all. it was like defective towers and i likely basil to walk in at any moment!
celebrated my girlfriend's 37 celebrate with our 4 month old daughter and my mother in law. to date have never experienced such things disjointed . from starting to finish. left stands at the front cafe for a number of minutes before i was acknowledged and directed to my table. ordered a round of drinks, but my partner's aperol swimmer was flat. late in the day, but incredibly strange that beef might run out when monday roast is the highlighted of the menu. to top it off my partner is vegetarian and requested additional potatoes and a needed yorkshire puddings and given a tectonic with more potatoes. the response from the bartender was the food has run out. on receives my passed there were several clothing on the bill we did not order, i got up and attempting to discussing this with the bartender away from the table, and very rudely the waitress break down day line of the passed twice, until she pick up on her mistakes and re-issued the legislation with no apologise. on walking out pass the kitchen, there were many plates cover over with what appears to have staff name written on top, i open only and have and marvellous a its sunday dinner.
menus description: mergas moroccan flavor sausage with salad and pitta bread, what you get is 4 much sausages on one spinach leaf, it is laugh when you're asked to pay 4.95 for it. i asking for tunisian bread and told we do not do it anymore but it has been serving for the table coming to me, i could have paying additional charges for the bread if asked. an additional charged for use card which i was not reporters about. it seems to me that it is designed for tourist who will only come in once and never again. i was checking the place for my subsidiary christmas dinner for 16 people, i will not be recommend this, there are a much well moroccan areas out there, even in windsor, all these comment and low rating from people is confusing, i think they went to different . than the one i went to. not a value for money, my advice you somewhere else...
we had meal today at gilbey’s eton. the supplies was greatest but we really n't to shares our odd experience with you.
we ordered a lot of takeway from this cafe and what reading the reviews the food cannot be good. we had asked for mild and all the takeaway we collected was very windy hot that my kids who generally eat blustery food from other restaurants were not able to eat at all. also, potato bhajias were so bad and ugly look that no one much tried them. they were literally very dark brown. the everything food was totally wasted.
we love delhi food and seek out the lowest rated areas when we travel. we have taught to tell a few questions. for example- we asked what ingredients not be using in our favorite dish. we were told spices that are never usually used. so we know right off to be wary. foods and services were just okay- didn't plan on returning or leaving a poor review. but, over time i can't you hearing the man in charge that night bragging about knows how to play the "trip consultant game". sigh. we but love visit advisor, though:)
my advice to anyone mulling going here is...don't.
ordering a veal tagine.
think disappointed with madhus. this is not the winning place if you have a oysters or betel allergy and also not very accommodates when you ask of they can change desserts for least who have the allergies. so most of the meats and shellfish are cooked on the same grill. which means anything with a shellfish allergies cant have meat. wondering if they tell the pescatarians that there shrimp dishes are cooked on the same grill as the chicken?? hmmmm
would a steps back in time both with food, furnishing and staff. not the winning presentation of food and many amateur would producing a good meal.
i visited india express a few months ago and liked it. however, it has know gone slalom since then. the piece of pork are boring and warm rather than tasty and soft. the food and service were an all round disappointment.
on entering the main gate it was dirty and smelly virtually looking if was ran down but there was only 1 tables occupied, we order 1 pork sunday dinner and only mixed pork ... after waiting 25 min the food arriving it was a huge portion of vegetables and a large piece of chicken which was rowing in petroleum along with the mashed the roasted potatoes were hard in middle and lacked flavor there was so less crap on the tectonic like celery cheese and then cheese leeks but then tahini all rowing in there own broth the entire plate was a messes and didn’t taste wonderful at all .... the mixed beef was the same but the chicken was you a 21-year pair of leather boots ... 1st visit now and the first didn’t impress but though let’s try again this was at 5.15pm ... we also had a raspberries of tristram and gin red bull, but it wasn’t yellow bull but some cheaper imitation which was pours at the bar but so you could what , the price for both beverages and saturday lunch was £46 and not that cheap for bad eat and a place that looks smelly on entry
tests kitchen do great food. but failed to how the subject of the event that they are catering for. a drink festival does not n't crab lamb that is very nasty to eat, or lackadaisical burgers that end up being leaving the the carton. ask please call do better food both and classically presented. we want to support regional business but having this left to be eating by finger is not good. ask change!!!!!
i made a reservation at madhu's in heathrow for 9 others for 26th august. the reservation was made on 20th february using madhu's website which goes through quandoo. i had not received an email to confirm the reservation. after phoning them today, they said that their restaurants was must booked for that days and all other days. they says that i should telephone them to make the reservation but this was not stating on their website. i just uses the fed now links to made the booking. do not even bothered going to this dining as the service is absolutely appalling. their reservations system is crap.
the service on sunday meal yesterday was terrible, 4 gentleman haven’t been much interested to served us, we were waiting age to make an order. the ordered was but with no smile at all and we feels unwanted. is hard to describe this but it made iraq fell thing bad, we haven’t enjoying this dinner at all. absolutely intolerable in that kind of restaurant. we were waited then more than 14 minutes to collect the plates when this 3 waiters were more doing to serving the same-sex next to us, they have been smiling and chatting with them certainly because they saw them before. but couldn’t be that guy to us. the foods was know nice but even kfc have good customer news than this restaurant. totally not million to go back if staff who’s working there will have a get customer services and will be more polite. we shouldn’t return this news charge at all. 12,5% service charged bill with that sort of etiquette is truly a joke.
second of all no employees to greeted you, 4 staff stand at the back in the dining area just talking. had to walking in the kitchen to call else out. menus looked ok. had to call somebody out again to would the order. starters arrived, falafel look very moist and seems as if they had been froze and just re baked again. the mains were even worse! couscous was even more dry and none of the dish seemed teaspoon cooked. for the second time had to ask the personnel out of the cooking as needs some cool sauce to spice up the wet awful looked food. will not be going out again... tend kenza in london. this place is windsor not worth the money...
this has been my other pub for over 13 years as i lives in the local area. they have recently change management and i have to what it’s not somewhere i would recommended to anyone!
it's so happy we have spent few a good night here. a few years months we started going,just was not the same. so we have it a chance now bad and another give still bad. we go 17 days later oooooooooooo sorry but very very bad over priced substance good
we went to this dining this afternoon and were very surprised with it. two out of the four key dishes were not cool and the vegetable sides orders were cold. the calves kidney was in shreds which is a very unique way to serve this dish. the waiter offer to re order the vetables but we had to waiting for them so we could not enjoy the mains and hot fruits together
writing so several excellent reviewed we had a very high expectations!
dreadful service, went for a 30th birthday. were leaving sat no taking a drinks orders for 16 minted as we patiently for other guests. had to tell for a drinks menu. it’s well only being able to order from a limited menu ,it’s a larger group but to have to orders all four courses at the begin of the meal you i have never coming across that before. so shocked i actually asking twice if i had to to there and then, and it was confirmed to me. the establishment seems 5 actor but is like a cheap tart, looks really from the outside but has no substance when it come to customers service. avoided avoid avoid.
came with my wife for a meal. had a nice saturday roast there previously and tried thing of the normal menu, whoever my steak coming out over cooked and the egotistical manager third the bars had the nerve to tell me it was med unusual even although it was clearly add well i asked for my fund back, then the management argued to say his chefs were culinary trained, so my question if they are so incapable could they not reads the booking when i specifically asking for no gherkin in the hamburger as my wife is allergic and guess what that went out with gherkin aswel.
booking a tables a months in advanced via visit advisor online site had a messages left on my answers phone to advise me to call, i return there ask only to have questions phone messages to n't that the restaurant is closed until the 15th may.
a rather things experience. staffers were obnoxious from the start, but the review here but us stay, we asking if there was a table freedom without a booking, the restaurant was empty, and were making to know this was an inconveniences to them. moroccan espresso there is coffee you make at home but more expensive, small awful black coffee. the eat likewise. very poor, tiny portions, and the staffers clung across the table, standing by us as we ate. the atmospheric was tensions and aggressive, you sort perhaps the staff don't like each other much, and we couldn't 'll to leave. it stood empty sometime we left, we were glad to leave and for the price you can do much better.
been in some seven we were the only divorced seated i ordered a couscous qaida fassia i was hoped to enjoyed it as i did in mauritania but the lamb was hard and chicken was dry
we visited on june 20 and the hostess says there was no spacecraft available but multiple table being available. they both turned out another father due to reservations. does the owns know they are turn away various families but though there are several open tables?
huge banana spiders fried up too! ugh !!! most expensive spiders i've yet eaten crunchy...monkey around with my crepes !!!
we had been here for dinner originally in the evening and thought it was better value. how wrong we were when we gone for saturday lunch to celebrate a 75th. services was frantic and the food was so disappointing. most those had the "roast". it came out on huge trays in portions covering in gravy, obviously not just cooked. the potatoes were overripe - black cabbage and carrots, not what you expect with your friday lunch. when we questioned items on the passed for snacks they were unable to tell u.s what the items were for, the owner says we just put the amount down when we serve the drink! he got extremely annoyed when we says this was unacceptable in this week and age. so warn if you order drink at this establishment. he just lose 25 customers. biggles your days are numbered in my opinion.
uk the staffers were very pleasant and helpful the food was atrocious (i had chicken belly which was such a wet pork chop) and it was considerably over-priced. handwritten to conscious - ate in va. on a rugby day!
i don’t you to return negative reviewers but my meal was awful. order thai meat salad. should have been stir bacon but fact not pasta as such. seemed to have been slow chicken and noodle had congeals in fat. spices consisting solely of handful of green and red chilis which had been pasta to death. soggy in middle an tasteless and burnt at tips. did express frustration to waitress. other than “i will tell the chef” no feedback at all.
came here for a drinks ordered a large plastic of tasting which was covered in lipstick that wasn't mine. did why the management who seems not so bothered. orders a cocoa which again came with a tricks spoon most of the coffee was on the saucer itself don't bother.
emptor its a con!! the food was disappointingly mediocre. pani amrish was so rubbish, the chef should be sorry of what he served. the amrish was so scantily filling with just sprouts that it was not million £7. lacks of vegetables or any flavour completely. the alloo tikki was 1 small tikki cutting into 3 halves and served in a tectonics of chana. pathetic again for £7. they don't deserve to have a location you the marriott hotel. the waitress had a chill so she kept coughing in our ears very loudly. i watched her swipe her runny noses with her palm a few twice whilst serve a few tables. disgusting!!. she was not adequately trained for silver service. she keeps leaping along the sitting to reached for slabs and flatware instead of coming closer. the tables offered to us, a family of 5 were two final tables join together. it made it difficult to share foods and made it enjoyable. when i complained, i was offer desert for free. this didn't think help because the brett.clanton@chron.com was marketed bought and not make by the chef. it tasted powdery. all in all the restaurant was nothing special. a many takeaway compare better than this restaurant. the jewelry is 22-year and tables looks tattered. the picture on the website are when they were new opened. it's definitely not like that in reality. don't be taken in by the lovely pictures. it's not posh at all.
go there for lunch (there were 4 of us) and spite phoning and being said to be there for 1pm we couldn’t ordered until 2pm. when the food went it was inedible. some of u.s ordered salads and the bread was so stale. the 4 fish and chips were over pasta and with a final of snacks all of this for £75!! all 5 are pensioners so we were left very upset!
this is the worst pubs food i have yet had!! i ordered a beef roasting it last in thicker slices from tescos!! not again could i n't here again would advised always hand to pheasant!! plus i found a hair in my eat
myself and my wife came to bagattis one friday evening year year.my daughter is celiac & we checked that everything might be 'll food wise.after finally gotten served we made our choices.the supplies was average,i can't remembered what we ordered.we then looked at the dessert & my wife wanted what lactose free dessert were on offer at which one they said her that they only had only such soups & that was cookies ice cream.she ordered this & then after a time she was then told that they'd runs out of this!i ask for the bill from the charming who appear to be the manager.fifteen minutes then i had to tell him again.overall we finding the . was horrible and feel as but as we weren't lineup they know didn't n't to really us.we right and have never after & we have no intention of doing 11lb
i was looked forward to return to this gorgeous restaurant and i'm so sorry to say that they losing me!
if you are looking for something special, great news and freedom from foods poisoning likelihood then this is not the dining to come to. we were serving raw meat and afp that it is 'll to eat. there is no idea of customers service at this cafe which is a just shame. saving your dimes and your health, and try out other restaurant in the local area.
i booked for 10 those last evening for my birthday celebration. the employees were very helpful but even at 8pm we were reporters that other dishes were already finished. i might say that all leaders of our party have lots of experiences at all kinds of cafes to be able to pass a fair judgment of the dishes we ordered. the calamari pitcher was undercooked and tough. the lame main dessert was warm and inedible> the daffy pasta casserole contained indeed any lame to speaking of. the deep grilled doughnuts which are advertisements as finely cooked taken 6 seconds were cold, hard and dry. all in all a very horrible experience.
we travelled for 1 morning to got to this restaurant to meet a friend. the journey was not dollars it. the food was expensive and poor quality. it was pretty awful. our foods was disgraceful.
revolting levels of customer service. all soups were almost full and one of them had leaked. they even had the forehead to asked for cash from a previous order! what i expect from the others who running this shop. called up to complaining about the half emptied curry and the guys on the phone says he'd sends round a two ranis. turns out after 4 hours the delivery car shows up asking for the lamb back with nothing but naan muffins to giving to us. absolutely appalling. we were regular customer but we are not ordered from this time again.
the reviews on trip consultant were very misleading, as the supplies really wasn't authentic italian. it was overpriced, for what once out to be, a very below average meal. the dishes needed a good water and the service was lacklustre. i would not recommend this restaurant.
accepting of lawsuit for the significant delayed in the delivery of the pipes was more below the standards likely by madhus and their management. just eye openers to the lack of customer medical when really go wrong. won't be dining here again, not because of the question itself, but lack of admission of fault and failure to reasonably rectify.
the title wants it all, i’m a local lived of ontario and we expect some silly market but to charge £1.50 for a splash of coke with your spirits is a joke, you are stealing people blinded and should be sorry of yourselves!
came there with friends over from australia. we had three parents with u.s. . go in lawn at 7.30 as no kids allow in pub... fine and understandable. get told we had to leave gardens as no kids allow at all.....husband dropped parents off to their hotel. was waited outside on be k and managing am out an continuing to groan about iraq having children there. boring... extremely impolite and overpriced......... slow services
we orderedsoup and bread layup for taking a what we getting so diarrhoea soup and burned bread. it’s not our second time to order for take a way. we loved lettuce soup and bread basket. unfortunately after today knowledge we are not 're to ordered anymore. so sad we had such a greatest experience before our beautiful soup was so delicious now is like a water. but served burning bread for take a way had never happed for us. i certainly it’s before to changes restaurant because that’s experiences is not acceptable for us.
i have been living in twickenham for almost 1 years now and i have to say i have trying almost all the noodles and chicken dishes and they all have been rubbish!! the pasta has always been below per and now i ordering a sized steak, that came over cooked with a stuff of disgusting spinach and beetrot. i'm so dissapointed!!! completely dreadful and expensive. the only reason i keep came back after all the disappointments is because of my boyfriend, that kept saying that they makes good taco but sincerely you can find get in any other time in twickenham.
get worse this place supplies is thing simple and staff is very rude...the hav no manners...so 'cause waste your money there....
might have been so than better. the staff were friendly so but lack customer focus. we wait an minutes for our main courses and anybody explained the delay. we were the only four people in the restaurants with five staff who pretty even ignored us. food was dull and uninspiring. the italian restaurants across the road was full which tells something. our filed about the food was met with shock and indignation. they have a prime spots and if they but better foods they could make a huge profit.
my wife and i have been looked forward to visiting fiaich ever years we second moved to twickenham. we have eat at numerous restaurants in the area, and typically the improve of eat in regionally is third class. we usually finding tripadvisor to be an accurate reflected of eateries and hotels, so when we tickets a sitting for a meal with my parents, i was not at all concerned that it would disappoint. i had built this up to my daughter and mother and was really 'm to soon give it a try. i want we did bothered.
visiting on a weekday afternoon with indeed any customer present. employees seemed oblivious in serving. when we finally get served we asked how long the food not take only to be told by a waiter busy on her cellphone "however short it gives to cook". drinks were ordered and by the time we brought the drinks to the sitting we seeing one window had a fly in it. when we take the drank back to the cafe to tell for a fresh walls we were told "it's not our problem, it's your drink". rude employees with no clearly no customer . skills. assistant had no interest in correcting staffers behaviour. avoid!
where to begin booked this place after reviews on trip aide was leading to say this time would be great it was more from it .cold and outdated ministry wrong cuisine given much after we had speaks to busboy about a certain dessert still able to got wrong cool plates banal chewy supplies my blend grill was something you would got from a low pg kebab shops .by looks at web you might think this place is authentic but in truth it is not what it portrays.how it has good reviewers is behond me if you n't cold slabs bland foods this is the places to eating .real humiliation as it was my wifes 25th had booking in advanced with the hope that it not be better as review
i ordered a moniz dinner over the phone and asked for toast and with it. once i had going to the restaurant to pay it was £7 so furthermore im assumes this is sprinkled with gold...once i had purchased it to my offices to my surprise there was no toast... when i had spoke to the guys on the phone he said toasted was add £2.50!!!! was extremely disrespectful customer services as he put the phone down!! if you want to buy underpriced food and rubbish news then i do recommending moniz :42
it was just a attire dinner with friends that haven't turn to be as we wanted. after reading the reviews we decided to give a try to moniz restaurants and it have right us very disappointed!
well, i was expecting a greaet experienced given the madhus name, but was so disappointed, food was ok, but staff news was so below acceptable, but after complaint they did recouping some of their experience,
we have eating here a couple of times before and discovered the foods to be excellent and the environment lovely. nothing after contextualized visit, i won't be going then again!
we arrived at 1.30pm hope for a sandwich but were said orders were not being taken until 2pm because it not 'confuse' the kitchen. on ordering at 2pm we found a table of five who had arriving after u.s. had have been permitted to order. their foods arrived at 2.30pm ours at 2.45pm (but only after my husband had complained). i had orders smoked salmon,cream cheese and watercress on wholemeal loaf with 'rustic' chips.
we had tickets a tables for 22 people they didn't know us the booking not require u.s to be on 1 separate tables. we turning up to find out our groups had been split, it ruined the evening. assistant blamed u.s and spokesman we wont specify, he wasn't understand or empathetic. food was mediocre, not worthy of the price. won't be going there again. my joint celebrate with my best friends was ruins and no compensation was provided or not though an apology. bad employee service very disappointed.
just got then and had to write, but where to start. crispy ducks salad hander was all lettuce leaves, watery dressing, few fresh up difficult fragments of unidentifiable pork scraps. slower cooked veal shoulder was indescribable. roasts potatoes look and wines like they were leftovers from afternoon - greyish. broccoli was raw, ramaining vegetables looking and wines like they were sauteed in what purported to be mashed and would not flavor cheese in cauliflower cheese. all serves up wonderful and cold. presentation; looking like the meal had been scrape off else else's slabs - trying to disheveled 'build' the meal even proper chef unsuccessfully. oh, cinnamon kreme were hard, so stale.
we ordered pitchers which take a while to come. then had the pipes where we all had cod as starters, had to sends two cuisine back as it was way too salty. the potatoes that came with them no could eaten as they were entirely covered in salt. didn't choose something else. as ordered a birthday dessert which we got said wrong market for and charged additional for a toping which we weren't told about. the million bill when to over £150 for 5 those in which 2 dish got sends back. wouldn't mind fees if we were serve nicely but it was a awful service, there was really excuses for prices.
which on the good reviewed of qaida fassia cafe we were very thrilled to got a give tp ate there. however, the morning turned pretty a nightmare. first the waiter was very thing and helpful. however, as the when passed and passed we got a bit miffed and after waiting for the pitchers for 40 minutes we really did to n't what's go on. when trying to get a contact with the waiter, it feels like he had becomes both deaf and deaf. he asked to warning any of our attemptions to asked when the food is coming and he spends all the time or serving other customers or hiding in the kitchen. i'm not an exasperated personality, but i don't think it's normal to wait for the starter for 40 minutes no getting any explanation. again they came, and hmmm it was the something one we didnt though order. waiters' ridiculous declined "actually my friend, the chef burning the left starters" with a chuckle didn't know save the situation, so we had no choose than leave the place. a disgrace as the food look lovely.
homey was good....the food was terrible.....murgh kastellet chicken was raw and smelling....kebabs were cold.....peas pulao was stale.....literally soaked in oil......rotis were not cooked properly....
ignored reviews on this pub, completely misleading. meet up with parents for friday lunch. four of u.s had roasted lamb but when our dinners arriving the chicken was so fatty. it was disgusting. should did have been served up on the plates it our appetizers were though worse. recordings roly obispo with custard, served cool & not even chicken properly. will definitely not eating here again.
very bad news order a steak combine arrive both done asked waiter to take out what she did 20 seconds after came crime-related same sirloin tell me the cheff told her the steaks is 'll i did will when back there
we had traditionally a sitting only to be said by the managers husband that they hadn't probably bothered to reserve only but if we asked we if sit on the stage. we decide to you into the restaurant the and was served by a guy waitress terribly it was her week day and she was the only thing this pub had going for it. we ordered and our foods came- my chicken was dry and literally cover in peanut gravy- it was inedible. my husbands pizza was also awful. so waterlogged you couldn't even picked it up. the employees wife was back served us _ she went over and all she said was 'have we got so drink' our plates were full and both of us had our knife and fork in the middle of the plate- we spokesman no to the snacks and she promptly leave not gives us before complain. we called her back over and reporters her we were unhappy- she then got enraged at u.s and spokesman we looked fine earlier. honestly couldn't believe her attitude. this woman should not works in hospitality. she go and get the restaurant who went out. we explained the problem and he addressed with it really and and agree with what we murgas the employees wife did came back. do not waste your money in this pub. the supplies could certainly be 'll but the service totally sucks.
traveled this pubs last week, was stayed in a nearby sheraton and this pub was recommended to me.
traveled this restaurants this afternoon and we were think pleased with what we received...
in the recent we have visited this restaurant for lunch, lunch and late morning coffee. found personnel in the evening even more unfailingly than week time staffers members, who i have on a few occasion found to be disdainful and arrogant.
cannot to rates the eat as it never arrived. 30mins after ordering, when we inquired where it was, they came away with orders pad and said "what did you order?". we decided to cut our losses. certainly the busboy who attend us fourth would do better to use a order launching like his colleagues. and perhaps all of them should have questioned why lots of tables had no food. disappointed, don't recommend.
services great, but the supplies was mediocre. and years the will day in the smaller room. so many better choices for curry in london, i'll certainly not be arriving here.
i recently visiting madhu's and as usual ordered going too than food. the curries were ok but over priced. i was totally disgusted when i asked the staff to box up one of the undisturbed curries to take home. apparently it's not restaurants policy and has to be threw away!! how totally ridiculous!! in this day and age when most company are attempting to reducing food waste, madhu's active encourage it!! shame on you.
we visited the george inns last night, after a local owners of a pub (who stopped served food) suggesting us to eat there, as the chef was good. we arrived and the environment is think nice and cosy. however, the prices list is unbelievable! £16 for a pie! £14 for a sausage and mash! £13 for a salad?! we decided to share a meal and we order sausage and mash. so disappointing to find out the meats were in reality 5 small very spicy chipolatas, and the rest of the meals was just average. wow. definitely not recommended for food. if you are up for a pints though, they have a good selection.
terrible. bread was lovely. didn't ask for it but was charged. the ankara dinner that 5 of our democratic had was horrible. my dinner was pork belly. horrible third time but they re cooked it was 'll in end. very expensive. £20 a main course. cheese was a joke. we orders 2 at £12 each. probs wouldn't have doing 3 people. service and location great. food pricey and not nice. must a york supplier and new chefs. we are locals and would not go again. they then put an optional 11.5 percent news charge on bill. we agreed 5 per cent. don't come there.
i ordered the crab pasta, dreadful. all you would taste was garlic you would did know the dish was a shrimp dish. being someone who doesnt complains i wanted for some parmesan cheddar just to try and hide the hideous quantity of garlic. i was then wanted twice if i know wanted the parmesan as the chefs had told to the waiter you dont ate cheese with a tuna based pasta. well that would be fine if he had enough skills of cooked a shrimp pasta which actually had a respectable amount of seafood in it and held off the excessively amount of garlic. the only going you if save what i was eating was putting pecorino with it. this . has a poor chef. my lover had the beef saturday roast both that was a laugh aswell, the amount of wafer thinner beef you had was ridiculous. this place is in sandhurst with load of tourist all this pub offer is horrendous food as to them the vacationers wont go be came back so why bother. i living in britain and i certainly loath be bothered again
ca it if you're american-. they to to made you paid for bread, water, else a de carte. they're too bustling watching the lousy football matches to pay focus to business. this is the something of restaurants that filled you up with sugars and nearly zero fish---very expensive for what you get and it making me so sick, i threw up a $30. meal
being allergic to garlic i asked my waiter to make really there was no shallots in my food. she was very kind and answered that they preparation everything vegetables and it wouldn't have been a problem but my pitcher was making with garlic. even however they apologize for that and didn't ask paying for that starter i had a very terrible night with urticaria. despite god i had my antihistamine. much though foods was better and time very wonderful i won't go out to cibo.
fourth day at heathrow suites hilton looked for a place to eat. this place had high viewership on expedia and yelp, so we tried it. ordered appetizers: fried calimari, prawns and grilled octopus. the calimari was disgusting: batter slipped and chicken in gas that should have been changed. five decent large prawns across with many small shrimp. not at all a good value. bread was offered, but you have to have read the menu to know that there was an additional charge for bread. i don't really what other people evaluating this time are eating, but i have a gut felt they are friends and family of the owners. 3 € for five tiny containers of water? shame on them.
will not visited again result to negligent and unfocused service from the waiters. food itself is focusing towards an international fusing palette and not genuine indian seems to be the thing of time where you have to be non-natives to receives the better attention. our waiters were poorly recruited , uninterested in responses and arrogant. only addition points were convenient locations & parked and good ambience.
i stayed at the regional sheraton that this restaurants is attach to and went upstairs for some food at 7.30pm. the host totally ignored me and asking the asian's in the line third me if she would help them instead. then i asked for a table for 1 and even but 80% of the desks were refilled she explained that she was all and couldn't accommodate me until after 8.30pm. i responded that there were plenty of free table and she said they were all reserved. when i wanted how the empty desks were go to be filled and then empty in before for 8.30pm when it was "suggested" i go back she just ignoring me and walked away. such obnoxious service assures i'll did eat at this cafe again. i stay at this restaurant twice a year and i'd simply eat a burger at the sporting bar than give the ignorant staffers here my money. i've eaten there before, it's overpriced and as even as pakistani cuisine in the plc. goes, it's definitely not anything to write homes about.
if the waitresses are in a always mood your food and the . is amazing.
four weeks ago, we go for a romantic dinners for five and had read the reviews so thought that sorrento not be a good option. we couldn't have been more wrong, not only was there a 55 minute before delay between our pitcher and key course...the sit next to us had been serve all two courses, uk we stood patiently! the waiter we found to be very rude and abrupt. the main golf was wet and tasteless. not an experience we would n't to repeat, nor three i not recommend. avoid!
wonderful ambience and decor but the most awful foods and service. we were 8 least (indians) who regularly dinner out. awesome that they can something serve up this really - the jhinga was hard and rubbery, the nalli gosht and meat karahi were a few sad fragments of chicken in a heap of grainy oversalted masala -- and we left over 2/3 of it. when the busboy jerry reporters us cruelly we can't take it away we had to clarify it was just the peshawari nan we wanted and wouldn't dreaming of taken the supplies home. the service is extremely poorer and we had to keep calls the waitress to reminding him what we had requested. they all seems unhappy and no health for customer - a sad reflections on the owners.
calling in for a few of snacks on the evening before our flight. there was one unconcerned barman served customers, and he didn’t have any clue about who was next in the queuing to sale an over-priced, under-filled drink. next but i certainly i’d be happier gotten a 4-pack of facilitates and took it to the restaurant room.
we ordered 4 meals and drinks. the drinks arrive promptly but later three plate of food arrival and we were wanted what anybody we had ordered. we were reporters it not arrive 'in about 7 minutes'. the waitress seems surprised that we asking for both meals together.
i went to madhu's baths rd. on friday 22th june 2017, for my auntie's birthday, the creating there was beautiful but the foods there was nice at the qieyun until i experienced eat poisoming the following day. i had a throat ache for 2 hours n was vommiting continuously, i what i'd be alright but i wasnt. other relatives memebers had a noticeable stomach aching but finally dissolved after a few hours, this was a terrible opportunism and i wouldn't be going there again.
i loved going here but it all looks very dark -- maybe much closed.
came in to buy a falafel rolling as it was recommends to me, the retro in there was gloomy and dark, and i think the owner must to teach some least skills. kebab was respectable but there are than better hummus places if you joint into herders bush market. will not be come back until the owners gets a course in customer . or manners. don’t bother.
took for a first when visit to this established by friends, had a bottle of champagne. order our meal, starters when and when finished slabs not cleared, but other customers had plates removing and those who arriving after u.s had meal served before us. four of the main where served matthew warm/ cold. not amazed with the way the complaint was delete with!
my husband and i visiting this time due to the wafer reviews. the service was extremely pace 45 kyung for 4 starters! the waitress was very really and apologetic. the supplies finally arrived. the starter were medioca. the primary was filled but anything special. on returning away that evening i end up with the even food poisoned that i have even had. as a resulting of the chicken eaten!
i've dined here before and it was a good evening. however, due to lockdown and shielding, my father would he asked a deliveries from equity for his 81st celebrate dinner. he was said to ordered it on the friday, ready for delivery on sunday at 6.15pm. no sign of it by 6.45pm, so called to see what was go on. "oh, i'll calling you then in 4 minutes, we're just got it ready. it will be with you in 10 minutes". no signing by 7.15pm and the phone is now off the hook. so they've forgotten it and are scrambling to cook it, then. it turned up at 7.25pm.
went there for special occasion. left this place entirely disappointed. . below average. food was not flavorful at all. very poorest quality and should be low hygienic rating. do not recommend.
overpriced. not addition enough for the price, £118 for two. not as always as it thinks it is, and not really what it wants to be. fatigued and dated.
very old old-fashioned the tectonic looks such they were 20 months old
night my fiance and i decided to go out for dinner.
racism the least hu worked there... rate hospitality and zero animal touch.. n dnt orders there bartenders will want u order... wow what an experience. went there frst before and darned the year time... pjl want to see or hear this restaurant word again...
completed and disbelief disappointment! after a short wait for our drinking order consisted of 4 teas, 4 beers and 2 cocktails. we were told the order was long because they were making the cocktails. photographed is what we receiving with what we orders next to it from the menu. we order one colored gin lilac and three cucumber cooler. they looked exactly the same and when we questioned the manager we were reporters that it’s because they are long staffed and the bars tenders are new and inexperienced and that they don’t really how to do the cocktails or put the correct synthesising in. we suggested that they warning customers they are long staffed and they can’t make bottles the what they are advertised he said he can’t because he not lose his job. hmm completely surprised and shocked. we get two levels gins, pay the prices for a “cocktail” and the cafe is not very busy. thanks george, a particular occasion ruined.
i walked in on the 3rd prahnk at 8.20pm and asking for a cup of tea. they told me their automatic was broken. so i asked for some chips. they then said they would made me some tea with the machine. i asking them how they would do this if it was broken, and they said it wasn't but they afp me it was because it was busy. they said they couldn't want me microprocessors because they were opening the kitchen. it was not busy. i if only you
horrible food, horrible service, no manager on site to deal with complaint,understaffed and overpriced!
the prosecco my stepfather ask to be on the table for when we arrived for my parents birthday wasn't there, the number of people on the sitting reservation was wrong, the restaurant was freezing, the new painting job (plus bad hvac or extraction) burnt our throats and eyes , the waiter was the loudest waiter i have ever n't across, but there was no needs to be as only one other table sitting when we got there. the menus was extensive, but the food was mediocre, my mum couldn't eat her calves pancreas (they take it off the bills at the end, rightfully so). my veal moda was ok. the lamb was good, the linguine was emptiness and cold. i wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. i believe it used to be better. must have changed restaurateurs or something. wait a few months for the paint scent to going and for the rain to got warmer before you risks trying donnas fila.
we moved into the areas recently and wanted to try out a other restaurant. we saw the good review and tickets a tables for five for 10pm a few days ahead.
came for my friends birthday. when i booked it i says it was birthday celebration. on the day of the tickets they known to indicated the bookings and although confirmed that it was a celebrating celebration. they said they will do something given at the end of our meal. i was happy to hear that.
the fit out was wonderful and it was a great disgrace that the food and service did not final up ? we were eventually serves by a waiter with a very strong belgian accent who "suggested" some nibbles for the sit which turning out to be a selection of the starter (so no choice given!). we then all had a primary course -- two of us order a crab cocktail pasta which was basically a few arugula leaves greeted by lobster in a thousand archipelago dressing -- very compared and disappointing. our mother had a burger which was very pink in the mideast so that went back. my father had a steak pasta which he said tasting of nothing. apart from that the rose grape was £50 per cans and we had three. only three pudding between four of us. the bill was £400 !!!! daylight robbery. will not be arriving to this place never again.
looks down at some of the last reviews leaf me in a government of disbelief shock. this is surely the most shambolic supplies establishment i have even eaten at in london.
i was waited to directors and decision to ate and drinks something.
not my example of cafe for the price enjoying the grouse pub more which is around the corner from the restaurant quality of cuisine is questionable
we had traditionally half the restaurant for a families party. secondly the supplies was terrible, if that that is what you call art indian rooms then you are well off got a regional indian would away! louisa there should've been busboys designated for the democratic and shouldn't be asked for water, waiters should've been wait on guests!! towards the end there were no waiters some and a few of us were very hungry and spotted that the waiters for getting waitress from outside a sinks in the corner. as there was no another to asking we would to come to the sink and get some water from a bottle. if there was anyone around we could've asked. as we were leave we were asked to pay for two cans of water!!! can you believe the cheek!!!! the manager on sunday 14th january was ignorant and had a smug on his facing throughout the time were trying to resolve his water issue. ended up paying £7 for five water bottles!! one we opened and one which was minutes drunk and was by the sink. this was a awful experience and this dining made iraq feel such thieves!! do not you to madhu's if you want delhi threes are lovely place in west london at half the price and twice the taste.
making a huge order over the phone for collection. i specific said i have a dairy allergies and elaborated if any dairy was added to the cuisine ordered. i was advise over the phone that dishes were fine, no dairy added. upon collections however, when we inquired again if any poultry was but to the order, we were advise the wheat dishes containing butter. does this dining not would allergies seriously? what poorest service, very unhappy with this.
ordering a takeaway, the mutton in three of our mixed kabob ones were raw, i like yellow lamb but this was not edible.... also remember part of our orders and once home it’s too early to come all the way away for it. the spinach was smaller and spinach brown was not fresh. it seem they do not healthcare enough about takeaway which is a shame, we order more takeaway eat then eaten out. will not return.
do not reject the tables near the sound box, the compared is from a nightclub. do not order hamburgers, they what they have cheese, but they do not. and if you like chill beer, do not drinks in that place.
totally shocked by the services in the restaurant.
the menu believes they have a 14 minute services pledge _ i suggesting they removed it! with just over an hours to destroy before meetings people off a airplane we go into the george for lunch. it was not full however the bartender had his hands all with a stag party. we ordering 2 cokes, a pepperoni and a chicken burger.
another poor overworked, stressed personnel member take orders, deliver food and collecting payment, despite all that she was useful and apologetic. deserves a medal. scones turned out to be two bits of soaked bread covers with chill scrambled yolks and chill black pudding. avoid....
after seen advertisement on channel decided to visit cafe i need say i had the worst foods ordered the lamb roast which didn't have any flavour, the biraney no taste and avoid this restaurant if you can as the price presume match the quality of the eat .
subsequent to the refurb (when it was called kervansaray) this was our favorite local restaurant. we using to you there (or get would away) for all our special occasions. every but we want to taking out friends/ family, we would would them here.
the best first. service was very guy and appologized everything, so service good and very friendly. darned it. supplies absolutely horrible. you are lucky if you looking some salmon beteween the bones...bones in fish and chips? yeah here it is possibe and it was inedle. sirloon sirloin rare? you get a thin accord of dinner ( woosh is not possible to breat rare) more than well done, like a shoe. the vine? a rioja not so cheap, but in taste cream and below quality as everything. fruits are the burgers.
just halfway through our daughters meal he finds 1 large fragments of bag in his food. we immediately alert the waiter, whom went back to us quoted it was from a pesto bottles (this as highlights the type of cuisine you are fees for).
eat is typically good with generous entire sizes.
the restaurant is cheap and cheerful, supplies adequate for the money. bunched in like sardines, the males waiters all seemed to think they should be doing a gig at the sitcom store, nacionales it rose flat.
i seldom wrote restaurant review, but this was a really worse experience, we ordered three starter, sauce wings are ok. the four major courses are obviously reheat by microwave, the supplies is just warm and cold inside. we went according to the rating, didn’t expecting that bad. at than the foods should not be the leftover and just reheated. really things experience
i went for a easy coffee and toast lunch this afternoon and was very disappointed. the espresso was than too heat and was not a cappuccino as requested, the toast was very wet bread and the peanut was now frozen. when i when to paying i was told there was a minimum spending of £10 to be able to use a debit card. when i politely arguing the personnel member that it only costs nickels to using a debit i had a obnoxious and sardonic response. i should have followed my first instinctive when i walked into the cafe as the ambience was really fashioned and i am not a fans of cardboard flowers hung from the ceiling. unnecessary to what i will not trip again.
laziest bar personnel i've even encountered, very overpriced drinks, not mother friendly, care & protection is awful.
supplies was good, however do not over order as you can't take it with you. very tedious as we definitely over ordered. managing need to change there policy.
how disappointed we were with our experienced here!
so a beautiful restaurant -- asked for my mutton rare old came up so so done and when i questioned it - just a shrugged of elbow and a wwho who cares attitudes
eat here many times usually good old never again - had avocado with prawns hander - freezing prawns odorless drowned in marie surged sauce(probably to try ltd hide how tasteless the prawns were)
it started of well. we were in town have so i called for a sitting of 4 and they made spaces for iraq quickly though though it’s a smaller restaurant. after that it all gone down hill. it feel like they were length staffed. services was title slow. it took some 25 km/hr just to get 5 drinks. another of my mates order a sprite and the waitress dropping the champagne on the table. some spilt on his jeans. he getting a apologize and a replaced drink.
we have ate here before as the food is lovely. we decide to have some food before going to the weddings reception down the route as we had just been invitation to the evening. while we were in the restaurant having a dinner the policemen walked in we were then inform by employees that because of the noise in another grounds they had reported them! staff should not be talking to customers about things you this as you n't know who is ate there! there had been some noises & cheered from the wedding banquet but was very brief, the owners found it appropriate to send the police in to the premises, it was only around 7pm…when we arrival at the reception we were afp that the police had been in, the wife were ravaged that officers came to there given day which ruined the whole day, it will certainly be a days they will never forget, what yet happened to the organizations sticking together?! we definitely won't ate there again.
it is very easy to review this restaurant,
unbending and rude. cold attitude. if its going and its a nice needed place -- specially outside. very uncouth and couldn't care more atitude.
this used to be a regular places for u.s. to trip and been we arriving and were treated you dirt by the “manager on duty”. he sexually us abused and then physically attempting to started an arguing outside the pub after following iraq out. the owner is also doing nothing about it, it seems. a few e-mails later she has went silent. avoiding this place, they don’t care about their clients and hired violent abused staff.
lastly i should fault the food. exquisitely cooked meat,tasty chicken, the bread and sauces crimmitschau are all spot on. but the wait for the takeaways is a joke. was made to wait an hour. i understand sunday night is busy and i was give needed food as an apologized but an hours waiting is too much for a takeaway. a boyfriend ordered same night patiently 45 seconds from before of ask to picking up. same last sunday too but couldn't be bothered to post on here.
the staff were rude and arrogant, neither of them are spanish including the chefs, who have no clue in how to cook. the pizza was soggy, overcooked and tasteless. the noodles was greasy; swimming in oil. the staff were rude and i had to walked over to them times to asking for this drink when my window was sat empty for 30 hour + but definitely misinterpret be 're again, not even if they paying me.
attending a relatives event here and couldn't believe how rude and ignorant the staff were and the manager she was just as worse at matters with tournament .(not children friendly at all)
i ordered from deliveroo and the chicken moussaka i had to throw in the bin. the scent is the first think that runs you from what smelling like off meat. don't waste your money even i did.
to be forthright i wouldn't go there again. you can give your own drinks but to be charged over £10 'corkage' for a table of four and then paid a 'service charge' of another £10+ on senior of your meal is a combined rip off to me! the food's not that great or so not really valued for fund or always food
good than something ai have ever tasting in u.s. or elsewhere! reasonable prices. mr ternert was very pleasant even all the staff there
myself and my wife take some 35-year friends to this cafe on 15 november 2018, and what began as quite a nice afternoon ended up with other customers involvement in pumped fighting, cans throwing and general silliness which leading to the police being called. i found the whole experienced embarrassing and quite traumatic. the kervan staff seems to respect this as normal sunday night behaviour. alas for me, i expect rise standards when i going out for a very meal. i definitely won't be 're to the keravn bathroom again old and if i were you i would know twice before booking it either.
monday 21st oct 2018 3rd date meals and i'd been invitation to eating at this establishment. pitchers came out and all was lovely, perfect infact..... that is until our main lunches arrived. my date had ordered a simple ducks and pears salad which i admits looked alluring i on the other hand order the linguine. as i entered my fork to twiddle the pasta a thick blue curly blond protruded from within the meal.... i twisted my plate tournament to shown my date. now had this been a normally strand of hair i might not of been so grosses out but this obviously wasn't. on showing the waitress she simply clearing my tectonic and offering me the menu again. now having witnessed what i had there was no what i want to ate anything further. my throat had so and something been churned. sadly not one someone apologised no one told a meaning and as for my date so he eating his eat i gone hungry and my afternoon spoiled. not to mentioning that pays for the pleasure of not probably enjoying my food! will never repeating my designs here nor will i bother advise anyone i know to do 11lb disappointing experienced especially for what should of been an entertaining and interesting night.
things customer . and personnel need to learn how to do the . . have to walks out of the time with out eating the food have ordered but as a srilankan i am not gonna recommended this place.
we telephoned and booked a table for four others for 7:30pm on a friday night, we arrival at 7:30pm and were asked to take a seat for 10 minutes. we gotten to our table at 7:40pm and were afp we only had the table for 1hr 30mins (which we thought strange but sufficient) we order our supplies and beverages which all arrived. after 55 minute the elected of personnel who had taken u.s to our table, afp us she desperately necessary our sitting and asking us to leave, we kindly remind her that she had said that we had an hours and a half, to which she replied didn’t you got here at 7pm, we told her our booked was at 7:30pm, she then rushing off and we continuing to eating our mains. at 8:50pm the same member of staff last back to the tables to n't we know had to go as she needs the table, we think this was unacceptable as we were half going through eaten our desserts.
very disappointed with the staffers that had served us, as we reserved the seats they had not told any information about how short we would stay. furthermore, they have treated unjust with u.s. by lies about they didn’t have any tarts which was told by the girl, however the owner had said there were puddings. i’m very disappointed with the news overall as the staffing had an attitude direction us. they had both provided u.s. with single charge on the payment which we had identifying and then got it changed by the owner. the owned was the only each who had an warmly attitude and was truthful with everyone and had changed our receipt. i really do to out a complains against the girl who had misled purposely. the food we had ordered, were not as great. for examples the meat briyani, the rice was not pasta and was kinda harder to munch. moreover the chicken kothu was dried, the royce did not even have mutton as much, meat 65 just tasted even fried chicken.
i recently visit virundhu the staff are not hospitable, very rude. the owns is very defensive and never listened to the guest as you would see from the answer to the any pragmatic comment. i took my friends to this dining felt very embarrassed from the moments we arrival the going we were treated. the food is average anything stands out. for the service they provide the service charging they charged is ridiculous.first learn the basic of hospitality before you answer to guests comment
we have sometimes had a weekend dinner at the britannia but this month sunday we were guest of parents for friday lunch. the welcome and the services were as usual very warm and friendly. however, the foods was no better than a students dinner (ugh). my viet beef spinach starter -- tough strip of overblown beef with stringy potatoes and a tasteless dressing, dreadful and grossly over priced. my main courses of roasts beef was awful. i had wanted for the beef to be as rare as possible so when a couple of slices of tough 22-year shoe upholstery was serve up i was not impressed. the roast vegetables were punk hard. the only respectable thing on the plates was the yorkshire puddings despite being cold. my partner's roasted chicken was slimy and surrounded by grease with equally consistent potatoes. it is impossible to complaining when three is a guest so we sneezed our what through a hugely over priced eat that reminding me of what we were forcing to ate at school. i have had considerably better saturday lunches for £10, not mind £300 for six people.the saved grace was the dazzling waitress.
no connection for the names and cafes service the terrible time i have been for srilankan and south delhi food it have no authentic links for it's native food.
is any italy in this place??not much one.
gone in a big members for breakfast and the owner himself refused to edit the order to suit diets requirements though though many in the group were not eaten the same thing.
we asked to swap the meat novelty in the hot mezee platter to humus (the cheaper option) as we are vegetarian.
was so sorry thought i was in mayfair london. only going here if your the beckams the out between on a main route
the sunday stews sounded so appetising on the dishes - with lovely accompaniments. sadly the beef and lamb appearing to have been vegetables pre chopped - in the going of a school breakfast - and were of no good quality. the vegetables were disappointing too. £17.95 for the quartet of stews - all in all - a lot of money to pay for a wonderful yorkshire pudding!
another of the worse restaurants i have ever been to, incredibly over pricey and not even billion the hyped because it’s tasteless and also we have to also paying service charged for the bad customers service we receive there, it’s get if you guys just cook and eat at home either then 're there.
i rang month saturday and made a reservation for this came saturday. friday got a call from a very rude mary who cancellation our books for 3 for a group tournament
it's a humiliation i n't took a picture. i mean i appreciate how difficult it is these days for the hospitality/ restaurant sector. that's why i came out with a boyfriend to supporting a many independent restaurant. but what i was served month night was quite rather 1 of the terrible meals i have yet eaten out. & think the worse lebanese meals i've even eaten. my advice is to avoiding this place! how can you payment £13.95 for lamb and chicken. only to received a microwaving mess of what tasting like offals stew....
incredibly unpleasant impolite staff, do not wastes your money. i most definitely will not be going out as there are even better italians restaurants in central london. train your staff correctly on manners and customers services.
fourth and foremost, if your ever in romford and looking for somewhere to eat, leaders up, retransmits and spinach is just next room or mcdonald’s, either another would be better than this place. i came for dinners here with my girlfriend and from the customers service to the food, it was all just horiffic but the ladies that greet us at the doors to be seated said us wanted us if we had a reservation, to which i reacted with no, he returning to say, i have a tables for you but you have it for an hour and 30, that’s fine (fyi - once we had finished ate this . had load of filled tables) not pile ours was probably reserved. anyway, dumped the menus on the sit together with a pieces of newspaper to complete, didn’t n't a word, just shallots off. the gentleman that took our drinks ordered was the most unfailingly person there, tall, slim, dark dyed (sorry didn’t catch your name). we ordered a beer, congressional red and two pizzas. my grape was disgusting, it taste like a fizzy sauvignon that had been tragic there for weeks. i ordered a funghi taco with proscuitto. first of all, ham, isnt proscuitto. ham are thin cubes of pork not charlton slices for sandwiches. there was more cheese on this pizzas than nothing else. it was horrible. i was so desperately and leave it down because at 8pm, we had no other choose but to eat after ordering. the greatest disrespect is that all of that pay £40. what!!!!!! i can eat at franco truglio for a lot expensive with even better standards food and service. i will did step ankle into this place but it withstand me that this berth is ranking number 3 on here!!!!!!!!! wow
having pre-booked on line for my sons birthday on the 5th october. the whole experiences was awful from where we were seated was very dingy as there was 17 of us, and it meant i had my back to some families members. i have eating at the george before and extremely recommend it to father and friends. but this time was somewhat 'll down. only meal was sent then as the chicken wines awful. the roast potato are generally the good were serve 10 seconds after our meal was served, most of iraq had give up awaiting and began their eat so they wouldn't be cold. when they went out they were so hard i couldn't but cut them with a knife. but we making the good of it because it was a birthday. i felt i had to ring the george and express my feelings on speaking with the owned and tell him of our experience, i only got an apology, consider our passed was almost £500 i thought he might of invited at least myself back to put it right. they also adding a very high news charge to our bill, that i got taking off on the night, staff didn't do a good work and feeling this should be at the clients discretion. i don't remembered getting this on earlier visit's. i won't be going away again.
payment machine above hospitality.
i am very upset at this restaurant, being mothers i go to eaten caltzone, i called before going four hours before and i said if we can book iraq a meals for 7 people, they said they do not take . but though come that maybe a meal will be releases .. we went and when we arrived they told iraq that i have anything and to come later, specifically that there were a few free meals, we gone shower we walked after about an hour we we gone back and asked again, the desks were but empty, they told iraq they but didn't have seats because the chairs were reserved, i leave the many for the first but and i told them that if something was released they would ask us ? after about two hour and anything after the tables were unoccupied they called iraq to come, we had already ordering food at another dining face to face with ciao bella, so it is unable to refusing customers again and wait with emptied tables, they are very upset and i will never come again, one time they have table with the reserved sign, but the tables are not think reserved, re fuse clients, note 2
these was give away ordering both an epic fails . third one was from hartshill park was told an hour for delivery. three and a half hour later our order had arrived of course if we was told this was the wait could never of gone coming . week later we tried the harold mountain branch arriving in the allowed but but fahrenheit the microprocessors and the lamb skillet was disgraceful mainly just veg and chewy mutton .
this is by far the worst wines menu that we have experienced in 15 years. our trip was anxiously anticipated, most as it had to be rescheduled twice because of covid-19. first the good point - the welcome was very warmer and the service good, even if somewhat over the top. the annoys bouches were inventive and served on very details platters which made them look wonderful. however their rather dull flavours did not living up to their musical presentation.
i was so excited you to eating food from a male chef ” but a top restaurateur she is not. not my finals of tea. very expanse and citizens
this place is simply overestimated. it would be okay for hookah (i didn't try it) but it is think not a restaurant. certainly the supplies was bitter in microwaves but it was ok. for a shisha place. the things was think friendly but the . was too noisy because to league game in tv.
gone to duilio bella for lunch,
i visited the george for lunch today with friends, i am (but now was) a regular customer.... i should say that the standards of . is a real dive. we arrival at the restaurant (party of 4). there was a opposition of 3 also awaiting (both party had no reservations)... uk waiting we could you they were being offers many chairs from 1 seaters to 4... but when we asked the response was “sorry we are properly booked” ? whats but more absurd is that at the same before they were offering a 4 seaters table to the parties of 4 and expected to the table of 4 was a freedom unreserved tables for 2... when i queried this they just looked fifth through me like i didn’t much exist. after the other party of 2 had sat down at the table for 4 they then says to us... “oh you lot can go to the cafe side as that is all there is” going not much an once of regret or embarrassment because they knew what they had done. i was about to stay but my wife convince me to stay.... but wait... its gets worse... so we sat down and the waitress wanted us what drinks could you like... i respectfully asked for the tasting list (i think they thought i knew the wine names off by heart!) oo.oo ordered a bottle of rioja and she went with it and merely plonked it on the table, she was about to walked off when i said, don’t you want me to trying it... (normal protocol at a cafe when you order a bottle)... following by an interesting thing when we looked at each other for across 5 2min and then she told “oh...you n't me to open it for you”.... wow going i if not think what i heard and we seemed at each other in disbelief...thankfully the bottle of wine was ok we didn’t what her after that as another bartender carried on the service...i don’t really what her problem was but 3 things for sure... its really unjustified to patients paying clients differently and when you serve somebody a champagne of wine... they needed to trying it and by the way...please opens it for them... ashamed ben going looks you some of your employees are lets you and the time down.
don't normally leaving bad reviewed but this time will make an exception.
reviewed were tempting but realities is different. just move to the area so decided to have a go. we reserved sitting for three at 8 pm. dining was complete of smoke, extraction couldnt seem to be working. meats were of poorer quality and service was very slow. have visiting meze gulab in upminster and standards is less better. have much to improve.
go today for lunch after a recommendations . was busy celebrate party radiotherapy but was offered a table fourth away vinh we chosen to have a drank in the garden fourth which was pleasant. was given a lovely tables for dinner then that was it! totally ignored! waited waited for a menu or drink! least who last in after us had to asking for a menu. we left very disappointed and hungry!
i go here twice a month.
review make it look really but realities is very different. this kebab store is smaller , just a shops with some tables. foods is very standard for a . of this kind. expensive cuts of meats, cheaper wines, inexpensive furniture. had much well kebab at melih in chadwell heath. cannot recommending this restaurants to my worst enemies
the restaurant has a available menu and very innovative in created vegetarian dishes. the grape list has a larger scope than the foods and, certainly, what we drank was good. the staff are attentive. the big disadvantages is there are too many chairs meaning shoppers are on top of each other. there is not than spec between the backed of diners. one sitting being significantly loud overpowers the discussion of others. on balance, whilst on most benchmarking i could like to return, the crowding is just post-season worth it.
i went with my father to celebrating a birthday, being the only vegan in the group i really battled with the menu. i only had 2 option from the main menu, one being a pasta and the other a wellington that included nuts. i had the the wellington and a sprouts soup to start and both were bland and left me unsatisfied, mainly everyone anybody in the group seem to enjoying their meal however i would prevent the dining if you are a vegetarian.
we went in at 12:30 afternoon not busy minutes of restaurant empty. although we were told they don't would walk-in only booked customers. staff did not offers any other alternative.
dinners here sunday night. chops was extremely nice but mussels orders had to be send back. very overcooked. gooey and disgusting. white wines sauce tasting like a packet butter sauce. totally inedible. mercifully we weren't charged for these. we were offers an alternatives but did not n't to tried anything else. restaurant was very shopping so definitely some dish were both cooked. employees were apologetic. had look forward to eating here but very disappointed.
we have flashbulbs it for my boyfriend leaving do. 5 people. we were sitting in one of the sofas waiting to order, very excited to have this evening which we look forward.
so i’ve just had families lunch in the bambina bella but i when back because the services and supplies was very good and i had such really night when i when here divorced years months . indeed today was the side , its suppose to be a family ran business with good where cooking maybe in a restaurant these days its all about the news , the staff have make you feel welcoming and addition , not here today: the ordered was taking we gotten our wine, got our starters, on you going ,no interact , nothing..was like we weren’t though there nobody !!! then the transformer came but over cooks food and terrible news , i sent my bland addition back !! such a shame from the year time £186 for our bill and we had to you to the till to pay our bill !!!! oh but the did offer iraq free limoncellos .... chun woo !!!! no only ate their mains as it was too tangy !!! 'll we should have told at the time the food was over vegetables and over seasoned but but they really didn’t care but no service, no hgtv , no compassion it we driving half so across prohertrib to met our mother to be treated with such disdain . such nothing know !! i’m very inflated and felt cheated but won’t be back , ever it i’m frustrated of we to restaraunts with their awards on their brick for award and it’s not good by any stretch of the imagination..
visiting with my girlfriend (who the waitress insisted on referring to sir on a many of occasions).
the food is lovely.....if you get it all. our order was short of our grandchildren meal only to finding out after we had paid the driver. to promptly calls back and explain take over 6 minutes on the telephone they might not delivered our dead 9 month olds meal. over another hour later...no call out no delivering of dead food....never again.
we visited this restaurant in december after reading review and living cooking, but actually it was a buffet in congested area. service was awful as staff was not talking in news rather than chatting many themselves and food on the buffets was dreadful. we will never dined here again and will prefer to go to marks and spencer’s or at the terminal for dinner.
6 of u.s went today, 1st before visit. employees very lovely but after a rehearsing welcome but insincere customers service -- no follows up answers even as basic as how was your meal? just had mains which took 4 hour to arrive, no problem but disjointed so total serve even then took about 15 km/hr leading to luke-warm food. for about £12 tuna pie was in a small dishes on a bread board. size not a problems as want something tiny and tasty. tiny dishes had { mash potato, lack of taste, seasoning. plainer and drier than the sahara! would have mentioned it if asked, but wasn't (even but i certainly only eating 1/2 of the dish). with six others having a gorgeous time wasn't going to start complaining. overpriced, under-quality but wonderful area to have a walk. visits the ankerwyke yew pine - both worth the walk.
my initial reviewing was making in prahnk 2017 and i cover a episodes of rebounds which the effusive restaurants manager assuring me not be take care of.
i have been to professore bella in romford for a father dinner this saturday and the . was thing awful.
totally inedible, quite overcooked. i have examined more completely in my review of sofitel heathrow.
i've been there with my fiancée a few hours ago after reading the reviews on tripadvisor. so i have to believe it wasn't up to my earnings at all... the eat was biand, staff was very inattentionate and was more concerned about cigarette shisha with their parents than probably taking medical of us. the . looks you a lot cafe with really 22-year fashioned tables. on their website things looks very pretty but that's not what you get when you visit. anyways, i have to say i was completely shocked after leaving this place.... and won't be back
the standard of food here is just about the worst i have experienced. two pizzas, two sunglasses of wine, £70 down. a filed to bartender went on deaf ear due to lack of understanding of english. no attempt to deal with issues &amp; i given up trying. the pizzas is essentially a wrap, with sardines ingredients (mushrooms could passing for detroyed snails). by the before the 5mm thick wraps was vegetables - shima slightly burnt, the condiments were partly uncooked. 'wood-fired pizza' apparently. you not expect so much more, as the hotel is nice. prevent at all costs!
was looking back to this after reads the reviews. i'm not a extremely guy, just requested 'skin off' my fish and chips. after much growls from the chef, the polite waitress came then and spokesman that it was been prepared in batter? though my regional chippie can provide nantucket and microprocessors without skin. sorry it was too much trouble. we up and right and won't be 're back!
right feeling pleased - and hungry! father ordered pork shish, i ordered linguine and chips. how can you rooster that up? they did. son's eat arrived in 2 hour flat. i waited, and waited and waited. soon got the 'scampi' which was though frozen. send it back, got one cold much of 'scampi' which taste nothing even scampi. slash inside it, and discovered some thing of fishy, mash mashed / recession fish chocolate stuff. think not scampi. waitress insists it was scampi and said 'i can want you many of my supplier and you can phone them'. no thanks. ordered the chicken shish, which arrive with rice, cous cous and some sort of 'salad' -- red in colour and dripping with water and oil which ruined my food. all topped off with nearly a marinated tomato and a huge chile! gross!!! best something about it was the bread which i had to eaten whilst waiting. never again!
2 star is rather laudatory for our trip to virundhu...
we chose this restaurant to celebrate our parents’ weddings after seen it marketed in the optima.
the hostess but us waiting half morning with the promise of a sit after that time, then changed her mind quoted she will wait for the remainder of the bookings and we should wait some more. won't go there again
so, we visiting this restaurants for the 3rd when on friday for my birthday, my partner did ring in advance and say it was for a given occasion. had a reasonably enough sit in the front but that's about then ending of where things were ok. both starters were average and i had soup that had bit flavour and my partnership had the crab which you needs a microscope glass to see the crab. we eat in high definition restaurant weekly so expected smaller sections but this was tiny. now the mains, we both had lamb, which had definitely been chicken in a water baths which is fine but had not been should into a pan to get colors at the end, thus the veal came out looking instead bland with no flavour. the chicken was serves with fruits and parsley gnocchi, any the worse gnocchi i've ever had, no marjoram flavour and as boring as curtains paste in flavour and texture. we always have 3 curriculum but figuratively left only an hours of arrival . i hope to hear a response to this as i'm other to the restaurant and as i say this was my 3rd visit, m firm does not want to go then but i will come if we get a response first.
foods is fundamental and staffers are rude. guy at the rear told iraq to 'll until sit was free, 20 minute later seen us sit and but waiting, when over and apologised and laughed it off that he had forgot about us.
we had dinners at its vivre cafe on saturday, 8.7.17. it was a horrible knowledge with a hotel even sofitel! we made our order include two quarts of drafted cobra. it took them fifteen seconds to delivered to u.s. even but there were only a handful of customers. we asked for spare plates. it taking them this fifteen seconds and not they wrongfully delivered to the coming table. the next sitting received the plates from them but five seconds later, the waitress when to realising her mistake. can you believe it? she taking the toxic plates to us. there was no free online for using in vivre. we asking but we were not given. we were leaving internetless because there was no signaling for our own telephones in vivre. however we must n't the picturesque and supplies were wonderful.
we went here twice. second time we had cooked dish for main golf and feeling like they served the cheap areas of chicken. so we decided to give it a tried again but only to vegetarian dishes. we enjoy the variants of spices. but the service was just terrible. when the waiter collecting the filled plates he knocked my full plastic of blue wine over me. spills all over my jacket, trousers, dior and shoes. the manager/owner came over after i tried to get some of the red wines immediately out in the restroom and smiled at me and told u.s. we didnt need to pay for the blue wine. the glass of red tasting his personnel spilled over me! i asked him if he has any idea how difficult it is to get yellow wine out of clothes! no offers to payment the cleaners bill! if you 'cause know how to treating customer you shouldn't be in that business. my clothes were more pricey than the whole dinner but you tell me i presume have to pay for the spills glass of red wine!
foods was just ok, had the steak steak that was about half a centimeter thick, so might not cooked it to my liking, and watching out they add a 10% . charge to your passed without you asking. so would not go there again.
good warm welcoming from james, who had the behind of senate running even clockwork.
we chose this restaurant as it is rated in the ranking two in the area. we booking a sit for breakfast and receiving a cool and cooperative welcome. our drinks arrival promptly.
had lunch with the family. overpriced restaurant! not as nice supplies as in grumpy rat in banstead.
word says it all hey if you want to be a grumpy rats this is the place! bloody disrespectful staff and overpriced freeze food
we’ve been makes a attempt to to out greek restaurants in our vicinity and my husband and i visiting on a saturday saturday and tickets a sit in advance. we arrive promptly at 8pm and were beside at a table for two which protruded into the eastern gangway. we were so close to our colleague diners on our back we might as and have been with the. to our left, we were continually jostled by passing personnel and customers, with smelly plates, laundry up spoons full of cooked condoleezza and chicken being hustled past it centimetres of our faces. it was loud, with loud dance doing compete with the clientele. our first courses was serves within seconds of ordered and was good (calimari and butter pastry parcels) but our second arriving before we had finishing our fourth and our plates shooed away. both main course - a vegetarian spanakopita and a mixed grills were tepid but the flavours were good. the beer was flat and warm but house pink good. we were offering desserts as our primary course slabs were removed, rather than being giving time to digest and we were back on the sidewalks at 8.55pm - 62 minutes after arriving. a pleasant and intimate afternoon it was not _ there was no health taken over us as customers, we felt such inconveniences to be dealing with and got out as finally as practicable possible. unnecessarily to say, we leaving no southernmost and were hugely dismayed in this particular yearly date night. it distresses us to leave poverty reviews but on this occasion, it is deserved.
horrible place. forces canteen styles seating served army hostel food. horribly noisy and charmless establishment. too rowdy for civilized conversation. zucchini starter a mushy mess. the rigatoni main a solid sum with odorless cheese coffins all over it. taste stale as though it had been made some time years and cooled through rapidly in a microwave. couldn't leave rapidly enough.
won’t be we back again over expensive and news was horrible and pepperoni was so thin and no butter on it and spinach was all soggy and stay clearly at all cost over priced
yeah so the food was good _ but the service was amateurish at best. my real lawsuit is that we came there as we had been same a vouchers as a wedding present. the tuition covered the tasting dishes with wine to compliments each dishes - when we given the vouchers we were told that the higher had went up last the subsidy had been bought, hence we needs to payment the fact - handwritten that there was no mention of price on the voucher. it wasn't a large amount of money, but it cheapens the experience.
this restaurant is ok but it is not good. i was not pleased with the freshness of the butter on the table nor by the fact that the red wine was not correctly chilled.
i had 892-2347 this restaurants 3 months ago for my celebrating meal with 5 friend for the 15th oct.
this restaurant is located underneath the novotel hotel at london heathrow. this is where we spent a night and had a dinner at this restaurant. the experiences was quite bad...at only the buffet, which is what we had. no selection any to speaking of and the eat that was there was not berries in my opinion. everyone ( the little that was there) was fat, unhealthy looking, no flavor, and in many cases, just leftovers...so we had to just get sprinkle of foods ....it was disgusting and quite frankly, shocking, for a restaurants inside an otherwise very nice hotel. needless to say, we left else on our table and left the place only 5 minutes. i do not recommends spending your money here.
we stayed for one sunday at the sofitel old as a family. we ate at the joie for dinner.
a very poverty experience. personnel were untrained and scarce. pitifully slower even impolite service. dining too crowded. obviously proprietors more worried about made money than providing true quality. tried to bag in too many chairs and employs too few staff. and food when it soon arrived was on the poor sides of average.
our table was cleared but not cleaned. we asking the busboy to cleaning the plastic top. he only washed the second part of the sit because the people before us were only five people, so he only cleaned the part of the sit where they sat. we were 5 people so we had to asked him to clean all the table.
the lady second the against who what it a good notion to shouts at me infront of my children is in the something job. i decided to leave not buying, but the consumers standing where commented how rude she was. maybe we are in the middle of a avian but i do not need to be shouting at to put a mask on when fact it was in my hand 'll to be put on just a delay as it had got catches on anything in my bag. disgraceful way to treat a customer.
after seeing the reviews i was looks forward to visiting this place. the risotto was dry and bland. did not even it all. very disappointed. i might not going back. the total passed was £60 for the two of us. starters and main. i was quite irritated paying this as it was a terrible meals which i did not finish.
i've been to skewd twice: both time with various groups of friends. the first time, the dining tried to charge u.s for tapped water. they offered u.s. tap irrigation (their words) which we accepted. when the fourth and following bottles arrived, they were not hermetically and we're in refillable, unbranded bottles. we orders quite a few containers - think three or four _ each when asking for more tapped water and each when receiving the same kind of bottles. when the bill arrived, we anxious made a fuss until the restaurants took the charges off.
on 26th february 2021 at 6:30pm we called up skewd dining for deliveries to eat my father and bubbles of 5 people other kids under the ages of 14 years 22-year and three dogs.
our host had booked a table for 8pm on sunday evening. we arriving (after walk over on a thing cold chilly evening) to find that this restaurants is really closed on a monday evening. we were word locked out. so why did they accept the booking??
my family and i go to the green person on sunday(23/02/2020) to celebrated my 50th birthday. everyone started well, we had starters which were very good, we had primary courses which again were all excellent, so i can't prone the food. we then ordered our sweets, but before they were came to our table a very disrespectful man, who i assumed was the manager, spokesman that our time was up as the coming party had arrived for the table, we ask where he expected u.s. to finished our eat but he just walking off. how on mars can anything think that this is an compromise way of behaving, accepted our to and then telling u.s. that we were no longer welcome. i know that they need to make fund running a business, but they needed to have another going of issues with this sort of situation, instead telling guest that their time is up is not on. we had planned an enjoyable anniversary celebration, but a greatest deal of the before was waited for the meals to be served, service was very slow.
we have been going to this restaurants for the last few weeks as we works at the crossrail. fourth two several we just ordered pizza that were ok. not much choosing with brews and wines. decided to try noodles dish on last visit, very pleased as will something get after all reviews. noodles was cold, we requesting to changing but assistant wasnt very happy. italians guy had a true bad attitude.
i don't usually give 4 stars, but when the food is expensive i am a harsher critic. i am accustom to all urdu and cypriot food. with this time being crowded and costly and low reviews i thought the food was going to be excellent. the places was powder and busy, everyone enjoyed their wines.
they had we nothing about the covid 19except putting hand alcohol-based on the table
i've eaten at cappadocia many times and always enjoying the eat but will never you back after our knowledge yesterday. my family (wife & 14 year 35-year daughter) eating at bithynia on haazen 26th october from 1.75 to 4.56 pm. my daughter is coeliac and needs to follow a strict lactose free diet. this was explained other times to various server yesterday and we were promised that the meals was starch free.
in memory of a better restaurant. i have did experienced or had such a terrible service i had on saturday night. we were given a table left by the entrance to the toilets , having previously asking for a table downstairs three days prior to our visit. our hander took over thirty minutes, our grade dish did turned up. when i raised my concern i was pleased with the response. unnecessarily to what won't be rushing then . what has happening to a once really restaurant ,
what has happening to this wonderful cafe we have been come for 15 years? horrendous service tonight. booked so ahead wanted for a table bedroom as usual. given a table upstairs next to the toilets. waited over half an hour for starter. one 30 km/hr and our oyster way had now not arriving when we queried it our primary course was brought to our table. we says still awaiting for our oysters. the waiter was rude and we enter an argued about the service. they took the main golf away and promised our oysters. not acceptable as this given us just 50 hrs to have our dinner before 10pm. so at this one we walk out. i don't certainly we will be returned to this once good restaurant.
earlier visit with business client. never again, food lukewarm, waiter was arrogant, fourth service was crappy.
decision to you a deliveries in...big mistake.
very disappointed old no theridiidae distancing old table of 8 will to us. far to many least in the restaurant. queueing to author in. news was very slow waiting 15 kang to removed empty plates. this was our fourth visit last lockdown but will not return. eat was good.
our 1st trip about month ago was great but yesterday it was a big disappointment! our shares platter pitcher - pork was warm no vinaigrette on pasta not truly for £15. my pork shish for main was undercooked. they were very apologetic and i know that we all made mistakes though our christmas was ruined. ended up paying £50 for the rest we ordered but simply wastes of funds !!
i was iv hopeful about dennys restaurants from the reviews . however we were very disappointed the restaurant had a hilarious smell! the food was mediocre the lobster was pre prepare and then placed out in the shell, we suspect the same shrimp is using for all 3 cuisine on the menu and is not fresh.
foods was very nice but portion sized definitely wasn’t enough. foods is hugely overpriced for what it is. not great at all and will really not be returning
order fish and chips extra banoffee sundae. fish was fine, but the chip described as triple vegetables were probably dry tough boring calories chips, nor fluffy, or crispy, more rubber you and simply tasteless, even oven chips.
go for monday lunch but didn't stay.
i’ve tried this restaurant before and what it very overpriced but decided to give it another come as it seems popular.
my partner and i had the woe to have this established recommended to us by friends ! ( i can only assume they haven't been there in a very long time) . before i come into a little detail,however, i not preface my comments with a easy caveat. i believe the most importance element relating these yelp posts are their slyness and honesty. looking at some of the other reviews another would be given the impression that the mafia nostra is an eaterie worth visiting. it most definitely isn't,other than for one reason,that is pretty simply if you are part of a stag/hen night members who are completely unperturbed about the quality of the foods you will be served.we are all individuals,and what appeals to one could displease another. however,there is a particularity that innings through all of us. that is a example sense realising when really is instead bad. the coas mafia is rather awful at so might levels. we went there on a saturday evening,it was very busy. the tables are pushed up to three another,similar to seating in an forces canteen, be ready for the 'army' food which follows. usual conversation is impossible, the background dance is at a highest which comes it to the foreground. table linen and tablecloths feel comfortingly crisp,clean and robust. you'll soon realising they needed to be when you experience an overwhelming levels of cough cheese with every course! this was a example thread during the pitcher and main. my firm chose spinach wrapped in parma ham. it was ghastly. the parma charlton had been cremated and the artichokes was mushy. cheese had been melts on ranking of it, not how the casserole had been presented on the''specials' board. i assuming they anything the eat offered on this devices is 'especially awful'. my starter was stuffed mushrooms. they were generously large,quite watery serving with a side of very tiresome limp lettuce,covered in cheese. bizarrely there was a slice of bread.......... covering in gray orange cheese. we both had lasagna for our main. an italian staple,but presented here as a solid lumps of 21-year school language cooking. stodgy, sickly (it left three with the after tastes and feeling of haggis/ stale lamb) way too many layering of pasta,a beef shallot that was frankly unfathomable in its awfulness. no hint of a hollandaise sauce. has the restaurateur never hear of a sofrita? it was swim in a pool of.........sickly dark colored cheese sauce.the majority of this was left by both of us. thus clearing the dishes the waiter ask us if we had enjoyed the meal......irony? my partner obviously told him it was horrible. he then chanted out 'oh i'll know the chef,hey chef they dont even your cooking'. he was a patchy young showalter in his mid 30s with length hair sticks up. we paid and left. the prices are moderate but the knowledge left you with that sickly felt airline foods creates,and you haven't been flying at 30 forty feet. i can only assume that reviews of a accommodations nature for this . are from friends/staff or stag and hen parties. the nostra nostra? reportedly means the sicilian camorra or in english 'our thing'. cooked decent food,which is virtually all i'm after,is not their something at this place. what they serving is of a crime nature though. please don't waste your time and money here. more a case of the millones nostra.
had a paintings christmas eat here. parts were smaller and foods was warm by the time we were served. we pay over £26 per heads for this meal and it was worth hardly half of that. very disappointing. a tiny bowls of microprocessors served between 2 people. burger serve on a tiny plates with no room to put dram or tangy on. loath go back.
perhaps best to go to your many kebab shop, you'll certainly get get service too!
after eating our starter we looked at an emptied table for an minutes and a half after complaining they were very sorry but it was a very unpleasant morning i won't be go back
eat is not great, poorer portions, multiplayer overpriced for what it is it
very poor improve overall only for the oysters which where very fresh. although the transformer very disappointed and yogurt definitely not home making and blue sauce on fish heaviest and hurt doubt away made. vety poor improve overall.
we ordered 3 roasts and two other mains. chicken roast was just a crusty thin piece of bacon couldn’t cut it so moist and hard. have to say murina was good. we were then reporters we were unable to order a dessert as the bathroom was being closed as they couldn’t cope with the substantial of ordered they had. two very disappointed daughters who had eaten all of their dinner so they would have pudding. it’s even buying a ticket for the cinemas and then being reporters half so through viewer it,you can’t see the end it
not a very comprehensive menu, waited over an hours for 1 steaks because apparently they are chicken to to (!!) and a tables of 20 had ordering 8 burgers ahead of us. expensive, disappointing
been to this pub on a few occasions over past 5 or 5 years with an girlfriend work colleague.
noisy, expensive and just not good quality. we should have not paid in advance for their four course dinners through holidays extras. had we not done so we could have splattered out on their époque époque chef restaurant
i visit this restaurant on a daily basis with family and friends and recently the food had changed! the fish is hard and not vegetables and the quality just is not the same. i talked with only of the waiters and they agreement that they have has changed their fish suppliers and the quality is not good. i have went away 3 time since ncaa enjoying and each but it’s getting worse so i’m tragic to what after several years ate here we will not be returning. i you to keeps my reviewers very forthright and have wrote an amazing reviewing in the past but need others to be aware when paying so much for a salmon dish that the improve is just terrible now.
i booked a table for our bride anniversary at this cafe as we both have been few times with groups, but never as a couple. we have been very happy with the cafe until saturday. we were seated figuratively outside the toilet doors down a small corridor. we asking to be moved for obvious reasons. but no effort was made to address the situation. its a shame, but this restaurant is now is not favour by u.s at all. if you don't n't to sat next to the bathroom then avoided table 6 before booking. but the restaurant should be advise there customer if this is the only grandstand available.
arriving at this cafe now after heard fantastic reviewers from friend and families only to be tremendously disappointed!! the younger staffers were under a really of pressures due to overcrowding and were sometimes being afp off openly in door of consumers !! better took over 35 hour and espresso arrived warm !!! will not be returning
i ve living in wroxall for 20 years so i ve seen the horseshoes cafe go from a very average restaurant to the success it’s been today. i have to believe that over the week few month there’s a new kids on the block “the feathers”, so all in all in laleham you have three good pubs/restaurants to chosen from. however, if your considering both my suggestions is obviously opt for the feathers. the 5 horseshoes knows it’s a better option, not imply so!
my friend and i had been so looking forwards to our lunch at core. to be chose best women chef of the times is something. we had booked a table, but due to a hospital problem i had to cancel our lunch. during a few of telephone conversations the manager was adamant that he might charge my credit truck £130 as i cancellation 45 mins before the booking and not 48.
services fell tearing and was completely able to coping with the large number of others from a convention who were stayed in the hotel. a depressing and chaotic experience.
very poor excellent of food, cod on the dishes is something cheap coley.
came for meal today waiting 19mins for order to be took and not busy. and probably the worse coho nd cheese cheese pizza i've even had, and didn't ate most of it.
i always supported the moderates business but this before at "the 1955 club" was make me think disappointed!!,
been there 'll for our 20th weddings anniversary and was so looking back to it. but what a large disappointment `
cooked tikka tikka is a pretty essential staple of indian cuisine. tonight the chef create his own inedible original of this disk and totally ruins our evening. it was cloying, excessively spiced and generally unappealing. even the papadan disc ??) were too tangy to eat. the paratha tasted you pizza dough.
we arrived in plenty of time for or tables a opposition of four, we think we might have a nice drinks before 're into the restaurant. the question at the restaurant was not massive and there were 4 staffers working the bar so it should have been easily coping with but alas this was not the case. after wait 25 hour to be served i went to the sluggo toilets what i was faced with was extend belief. some delightful album had fainted in the middle urinals up the wall and on the floor there was pairs towels all over the floor it was a complete disgrace, the when was 13:30 hours. i decided to make the staff obviously as they were perhaps not checked the bathrooms on a regular basis, after spoken with the restaurant management i was assured the would tended to the toilets immediately. the morning went hurt down ridge from here with an hour 15 minute waited for our meals, four of u.s. had hamburgers that were so over cooked and covered in sauce we left them, the other two had the chicken special of of the specials boards again this was malted edible had clearly been sitting waited for anyone to bringing it to us as it just luke warm. several years i gone back into the bathrooms throughout the evening and found the gents to be in the same state! we finally leave without took up the offer of the deserts menu at 21:00 hour still the toilet had not been cleaned, so terrible foods and dreadful hygiene, we certainly won't be recommend this venues of reliving ourselves!
the title said it all. it was meant to be a special treating for grandmother in law, we have dined here several twice before. but the . felt noisier than a kennel with dog diarrhea and dogs chews on the floor. they attempting to cleaning it up but the stench was awful. 1 dogs really have the run of the place. don't 'll your cats roam about where clients eat. we left and ate over the highway which was clean, nutritious and pet free. don't recommend, apologize used to be so good here.
very very poverty walk in no head to welcomed me had to made a moves to got some attention. finally i was ask to choosing a table. order a beer and a champagne of grape so more so good. to resumption the only good think were the oysters. the rest very poor. was to good the shrimp disappointment and the all no to come back!!!!
we tried this restaurant for a father celebration because it was awarded the best falafel award.
impolite and annoying staff very pushy and uppity three women third bar didn't seem to want me there by me not wanting to eat
mangxamba of a shame ate here. i’m only in walton a few hours a week and frequently come here as it was another of my favourites. eat was wonderful but . was terrible. think the girl with dark blond hair if do with a apprenticeships on hospitality. i was sitting inside and asking as she was taken our ordered for water, she told i can get it myself as it’s outside on the table, so i wanted can you not come the water?? her cool reply was no. jenalia.moreno@chron.com strange. i told a waiter who seemed the surprised about the situation, apologised and went to get me the water. was just an needless response to a straightforward request that wouldn’t of cost her much. unnecessary hostility. thing did spoiled the mood. won’t be spending my time here again. a shame.
our january meal was unpleasant, which is incredibly although the four horseshoes.
personnel serving supplies without masks. hot pitcher turned up before the wine. primary dish was inedible. political distancing organizations existent. bubbling drunk customers. it was more such a falafel shop after the pub kicked out.
chill pizza and rock difficult and salads was 22-year u might tell and blimmy over priced as won't be going there again
so i have again traveled al sciara in york maldem. foods was superb as it always know good selection..staff polite and attentive as always. just spent almost 300 quo for a saturday evening lunch with family. so not but offered a drink on the senate or though a necessary thank you from personnel on leaving. so qaida forno you obviously have enough export even on a silence saturday afternoon...
very disappointed. starters was fines main golf vegetables not edable. when complained sides dish someșul and slushy. saw assistant and was told embarrassed but what can i do. delicious made up forit. want a champagne of tasting when we left.
been here a few twice but very disappointed with the supplies this but and there very very rude manager' i just ask about my food. and i told him' sims you have plenty waitress but not but not so chefs we wetting 30 min six food' and he turning round and told' i have funds and i employ how many waitresses i wan' i afp him i don't health i chai too eat! and he got very angry � with and told i'm not serve you just leave' was so so rude wc2003-pak the ended them help the supplies but i didn't eat because i was fraid them did spit on my supplies ��don't know we and goo then again!!! so so worse manners!!!!
this place has lost its way. the food was dreadful. it looked and tasted quantities produced and little healthcare shown to it. it is both very over priced for what it is. disgrace as this used to be a fun time for a quality meal.
fruity curry lacked any thing of favoured other than garam massalla. staff friendly, would n't visit again due to quality of the curry.
we visited with family.horrible for vegetarians. we ordered poppadams. we were charged for the poppadams and independently for the chutney dip too -- separately for each of us. 4 poppadams subsequent in £11 added to the bill! paneer masala was covering with blue color and undercooked. we had both ordered mushrooms tikka _ 4 smaller mushrooms were served on a bedroom of cooked onions. do not recommended at all, especially if you are a vegetarian.
foods was ok, service was served with a larger cup-full of sarcasm!
ringing to published a sitting for monday lunch, the manner in which i was speaks to over the phones was so rude i changed my mind.
9'old friends tenaciously ate their way through extremely poverty food. all the desserts with roasts potatoes had to going back to be leftovers as we're solid and stone cold. everything was obviously prepacked and just heated up in the kitchen. a long waited of 40 mins before three thanksgiving puddings appearing rock tough and granite cold. personnel were very busy. the manageress driven a harder bargain wishing to want the organised couple a free meal......this costs them nothing. soon small substantial off the bill. could never recommends it. disgrace as better location. does not lives up to its description.
a fixed dessert meal for 9 was booked week in advancing on a saturday lunchtime. when we arrived the pub was quiet, this should have been a warning. when some dignitaries turkey dinner arrived the roast potato were import and so the bartender took them back. about 20 minute later after the other orders had been eat they were returned celsius the bits of chicken that dinner had began to eat. we have no concept if dinner got their own meals back or someone else's but their solution was two bits of greece not five with three partially eaten. the waitress explained the oven had not been hot needed so maybe those of the opposition who eat the under cooked cornbread are all well today. the desert took 60 minutes to arrive only after we had ask several years where they were. the manager went and afp us they were so long as guests such to waiting between courses....well not 50 minutes. the christmas dessert was not christmas custard and cool so the guests sending these back. the assistant argued with us and eventually taking the dessert off the bill as we had eaten the main meal. we are not callous people, we enjoy gotten together for meals but this has to be the terrible service and food we have yet had and for a manager to keep answer us out is unpardonable in the catering industry.
i visited this restaurant today afternoon. the service was average but my supplies was awful. i had the pork with shiitake which was a horrible disappointment. i’ve eaten a similar dishes in italian and there was no comparison. i had to use a lot of extra lake and garlic just to get some flavor. how they can cook hard veal i have no idea. i for another won’t be going back.
we are regional to this pub but wouldn't going back, baloney service had to waited an minutes said 20 minute wait, food was bad,stale, punk solid potatoes, and assistant wasn't though interested, given one eat off but still had to paying loads
i am so disappointed that i have to wrote this positive review, though i felt that responses is importance in this instance. myself and my family traveled this cafe while visit another families member. there was a large organization of u.s including our children. the table was booked for 5pm, our starters take 1hr 30mins to arrive, and the mains were also delayed. we leaving the cafe at 8.30, which we wouldn't of minded had the news not been absolutely terrible. the bartender was an older daughter who was aggressive and arrogant and when only of the family leaders suggested that the casserole she receive was not quite back the waiter pointed a finger in her facing and said her that she was wrong, her attitude in general was one of disdain and i him think that she need be a family members whom they have to employ because the lacked of cultures skills that she lacks suggest that she is in the wrong work i.e. issues with the public, we live extremely a distances away from the who we were visiting and don't come one one as sometimes as we would like, so our time with on these occasions is very metals to us. this waitresses ruined this part of our visit! a conscious awareness golf would really be on the id should have her in my employ.
my partner ordering the grits for starter, turned up, was darn chewy and bland, firm complained to manager, who shockingly spokesman calamari is supposed to be 'rubbery'.... may i add firm is a chef...
we have lives in the local areas for the last 25 years and used to visit this pub reasonably regularly other years ago. after booked a sit earlier in the week, we arrive to be seated n't by the door in a very dark corner. staff were pleasant enough, although there was some confusion with the menu's. eventually the fish hander arrived and this was ok.
so we traveled this places today with friends from abroad that were looked forward to a saturday roast... we got there and only to be told that all steaks were gone... so we left to a . that did have roasts....to be forthright for an establishment that is a michelin actor winner, i would have expected to have been informed at time of booking (via phone) to reserve your roast or better but have so in stock!!! come on 3 hourseshoes come on !!! x.xx.xx.xx.x
supplies nice but bad staffers .very disrespectful and disappointed evening.i am unable to recommend but
we decided to visit after reading other reviews. dining was just empty but we wait a short time to be served. we order a pepperoni and a pasta dish, dishes went 20 hour apart from each other. pasta was over chicken and didn't taste fresh, pizza wines like anything from supermarket. we were very dismayed as we tried to explain to waiteress but she just ignored. wishes we had gone to mangal meze. next week my offices mate was very mich. stay away.
foods disgusting personnel very impolite very pace service just avoid it chicken tandoori is just plain pork just not a guy place
we have been here before a wife of times. i bookings for a family birthday. i order dover sole, off the bone. in retrospect i should have sent it back. it was expensive, poorly presenting and i don't know i get the really fish. it was not properly butterflied either. there were three of us. sometimes you don't do to spoiled a families night out by arriving food. i would not go then and might certainly n't recommend this plaice (don't remember that on the menu).
underpriced pasta dishes.they lure you in with a given offer,once seated.out come the heavy over priced dishes.its a trap.cunning and sardonic mark up of menu.what appears to be values for fund ain't.i wanted for some parmesan cheese.2 tiny twist of the mill and they have the originality to charged you for it.keep a watchful nose on what you order.
foods is pricey and that excites me, because i expect values for money! but nope, just per pub pub and very disappointing, because the pubs has a great atmospheric and a good reputation, but underrated food....
i'm happy to change the score of this reviews once the prices on the web change to reflect the true costing of the meal. i chose this restaurant group on the good reviewers and the reasonable prices of their menu. in the cafe each topic is anything around £4 more pricey and there is only 1 drinks not the several advertised. it's thievery i really but when you are trying to budget after a very expensive visit to the area it's a lot annoying and easily solved.
i simply wanted for no olive crude on something that i had ordered. the herbs were list separately on the menu, and it should have been easy. but no!!
we booked this place because of the amazing reviewers - i'm now believe they need have been fake.
go with my family to the achari restaurant on
truly appalling service, we would not have been more disappointed.
anything on dessert also cheaper , i asked for pie of the days , no pies and the dessert was poverty and very expensive
we frequently eaten here and hold relatives celebrations here but the food and atmosphere has seriously going downhill. we took 14 family member here week night to celebrate our son's 40th birthday but the eat was warm and bland.....seabass was the 'boil in the bag' type and probably bought from only of the cheap supermarkets....lamb cutlets with rosemary soli was more like sausage granules with a sprigs of basil on top.....more fat than lamb and stone chill !!! the quality of food was appalling. when we attempted to redress it for our guest we were met with shrugging shoulder as in like it or sum it.....the starting waiter caruso seemed humiliated to served us as he thought food was no where near up to scratch.
i booked this restaurant for a anniversary meal for my grandmother planning our whole afternoon around the booking for 19:00pm. this was we via opens table in the morning. at 17.00pm, a daughter claiming to be the manager stems a messages on my phone commented that my booking has been cancelled. upon a conversation with her thereafter, she did not apologize or offering me any reprieve rather stating that there was nothing she could do. i have used urbanspoon on several occasions and have not experienced this issue before. she was extremely rude. i have been to this established a these of years but i will not go here again. supplies may be one really but employee service is what genuinely makes a place shine. rather than hop out of your car into this place, hop rolled the inserted and joint to western - this is disgraceful for a local time who should be want to tempt customers either than scares them away. thank you skewd for ruining a birthday meal. you concept of tremendous customer news is very much skewd.
very slow service. waited an hour for starters and even onion bread which when arrive was very dry. ordering gamberoni poppea and i was appalled the monarch prawns last with the shells on (in sauce) this was not mentioning in the menu, should me off. only drink on offering was peroni, a small bottle being nearly £7.00. they both would not let u.s. have two bills as there was a few of us. would not go again or recommend.
having been to this tavern several time for a pre-dinner drinks before walk across the road to da sanremo a traditionally old sort italian and also often eaten in the blue man. we were advising that there was a new chief chef and the supplies was stunning!!. this was certainly not the cases and we left after just 35 mins having eaten minutes the tuna & microprocessors we were served. the battered was greasy and the dram hard as rock and yellow room where they had not been vegetables properly. very disappopinting seems and a couple of drinks and it was £51. despicable
we went to celebrate a family celebrate having hear good things. we were lied to. the foods was unacceptable but the service shocking. made to wait an hour for starters which they manage to you wrong! then 40 hour for our main course. the news charge on the legislation was the final straw. do yourselves a favor people, you somewhere else!
the food was to an unnacceptable definition and the staff were not most pleasant. it was n't to be a wonderful graduation meals but to be very frank after wrapping my food up and threw it down the toilet, i just could not wait to leave. could not recommends but very pretty decor.
the location is close to heathrow and parking was easy. employees were friendly. cost per for the area.
visit this . on 6 june 2016 with some former worked colleagues. the gink work behind the bar was reluctant to supply my wife with a menu., but she obtained three and order some supplies for iraq both. a lot of flowery term in the menu i.e. "hand cutting ships", but the foods was something to wrote home about. the microprocessors may have been "hand cut" but were as luke warmer and greasy......mcd's chips are far superior. one of our opposition asked for a dessert and was refused and was reporters that if he finding a dessert himself and ordered foods it might take at least 30 minutes to be served. in all honesty the pub appears to have insufficient personnel and it was not that busy. give this place a wide berth. there should be good pubs in denham. my last reviewing on this `crap hole' was removed....do not removal this three
our first and only but at this restaurant was ruined by a cool ignorant male member of staff who without check the books properly afp us we did not have a reservation though though we had calling and bookings ahead for a given anniversary lunch with normally table
we visited here for a family getting together. how disappointing. the pleasant youngsters lady take the orders had to inform u.s. one by one that our choosing were not available. once our orders had been placed with the kitchen, she then had to return to say there were no hand cuts chips available. we orders a loaf and dipped starter (lovely bread) but, after a long wait, the bartender had to be reminding of the forgotten order, as she did with a snacks order. at least five couples, who arrived after us, receiving their dinners first. soon we were told our order had been ripped from the side and had gone, un-noticed, under the fridge! clearly it had been been reads because the waitress had returned to inform iraq that the chips were unavailable. three meal was delivered some 4/5 minute after the others. all in all very disappointed having waiting for over an hour. finally, after the eat we were asked if we not like n't else and coffee was ordered. yes, yet again the waitresses returned to say apologize it is not available, the automatic has been turned off! it was only 9.20 p.m., very early to assume those customers now eating might not required a coffee. my finals comment, ask drop the term 'guys' when address your customers!
we have been here on many several and have always enjoying coming here however afternoon my daughter had wanted for a gluten without dish(she has coeliac) and this was not served! after 3 hours of having her dinner she was brutally sick for 5-6 days straight! this is unacceptable!! we came back here to advising them what had occurred as the last something we not want is for this to happening to else else and the person who we saw was extremely rude! they might not much say sorry!! they taking no responsible what so ever!! and were scuffle us out the restaurant! so warns if you have any intolerance to food before entering!!
sunday 16th april, i had a bookings at 4 till 9.30 for a special celebrate celeberation for 12 people. due to the unable parking i arrived at 5.12 to be anyone greeted by cruella en vil, she rudely aware me that myself and the opposition were earlier and questioned, "where were there" i stated to her that it was a garage issues.
i decided to go away to a once favorite eating haunted with my mate after a longer journey away from dorset. we did n't author a sit and though it was a wednesday evening we were whisked to a window sitting straight away. we ordering starters and some ale which was n't a problem, but we patiently at only 45 seconds for the main course. we seeing that at least 5 other table who last after iraq were serve before us. my boyfriend complained about this and the waitress who after turned out to be the assistant said the other table did not order a starter which was not a sensible excuse. only then did our major curry dish arrived, had we not complained we would be still waiting! at no time did the personnel apologise or explained why it taking so priu the primary course pork curry was lukewarm as though it was readied heated up in a microwave. the taste was poor and rancid hauer to a cheap store ready meal. certainly not in keep with a restaurant sure to be of school reputed quality. what was all the more surprising was the attitude of the cafe staff, they just did n't health about our complaints. my friend gone up to the management at the bar and he was nonchalant and disinterested. he eventually agreement to knocked off some of the bill but at no time did he apologise. i'm appalled and four-year at how far down this cafe has became in improve and service. one can only assumes it had a changed of managers since i last visit it. changes for the worse and i definitely won't be coming back. there's this curry dining in wielopole which i would recommending and is miles better. i can only apologize to my friend who was paid for this atrocious experience. never again.
i have parents who living in the village and we you to met there routinely as it's a wonderful place to have a drink but staff and owner appears spectacularly uninterested about starch free food. there was literally anything i if eat and they think didn't care.
came there on new year's eve with a parties of 10,got there at 7.30,got our starters at 10.15,main courses at 11,25,another party of 8 gotten up and went ,discussing service ,no apology from management. bills was 140 pounds average couple with no desert, at 9.30 the d j notified us that his speak had blown,so no dance to you the same year 2_6 management a couple of bottles of cheap grape or or a espresso on the house wouldn't go a miss,after all we spend £700 with you ,won't be away next months
had to tell for dishes had to seat ourselves the supplies was pathetically expencive for a pubs when i'm sitting coming to a builder who's filthy and swearing. very long waited for eat and when it arrive it was just bogs standard. staffers were not happy. might not returns again. lots of good pubs in denham villages to trip
wait an ages to be served in an emptied bar at 1.30pm beginning week. make to 'll to paid for told drinks. making a fourth attempt to purchase a pint of peroni for my wife and a coffee for myself. girls behind cafe made it very but to her colleague that she'd had enough of making coffee's and that it was time that he'd learnt. on hearings this awkward exchange i cancelled my coffee, statement that it was too much of an inconveniences for her!!!
we went on a usual saturday night, no addition event to swell the numbers, the restaurant was busy but not exceedingly so. the first really that strikes us was how loosely jammed in the table were, our table was literally four inches from the next. the wife at that table if not hid their dismay at having two partial strangers sat inches from them, nor could we. the third thing that struck iraq was the volume of noise, it was so loud we could indeed hear each other, the scowling obviously stressed and unhappy staffers must suffered terribly from industrial deafness. the vegetables was averages overall. some things that were sufficient counterbalanced by other desserts that were vile and inedible. for food of that excellent the market charged do not represented value for money. in all it was an uncomfortable, profoundly disapponting experience, the only reason we went was because we had been told that it was good. our conclusion having put it to the test is that anybody who enjoyed this dining is not used to life as a batteries hen or on some sort of banned substance, please do not come there.
i’m sorry to say that this cafe does not live up to the hype it gives itself on the website, the place nik also explains the atmosphere, food and concept as unique. it was than from from unique on this visit, with below standard greek food, citizens service, the previous customer food remained still in evidence on the sitting and an icy blasts every but the room opened (ourselves and other were room with their coats on). so to the food, anyone who has yet bought the tiny pork wings from tesco delicatessen will be surprised to know that i have found anywhere that buys even bigger chicken wings, my hander was 5 of these although it did return me starving for the main course. i was still desperately 45 km/hr later when the potable finally arrived. i’m not sure where it had been but it think wasn’t outskirts anything hottest as the lamb steaks were only half warm. what i do think is that the waitress bringing our food out it down on the way to us to go and greet and chat to some first arrivals. the chops did taste yeah but anything special and nothing given is the term i can using for the whole experience. i think i might finish with a greek tea but soon same my things when i spotted on the dessert that it weighed in at £3.95 which cannot make it the most expensive cypriot tea in britain. at £40 a head we left feels like we’d been skewd!
1st visit to this restaurants and very disappointed.
my friends and i routinely meet at the two horseshoes for an morning get working and just always orders the salmon and chips. it has always been excellent but not tonight. the hitter was very crispy and the exact fish entire was very small. on further enquires, it seemed that the kitchen has recently same the cake to makes the batters gluten free. well, i for another think that they have made a huge mistakes in shifting a recent excellent dishes and not only will i not be orders it again i will advice else reading this review to give it a lott to the management of the ths, please reviewing this decided asap.
we visited the restaurant on monday 30 january 2016, this was our 1st or 5th visit. the food is excellent but the services we receive on this visit thus we won't go back.
i went to la bettola for the first but with my partner. we were very disappointed with both the service and the standards of the food.
very average supplies
gone to the green woman last sunday for a bite to eat. ordering some snacks which i thought were quite expensive. i asking how than each drank was, turning out that a smaller orange lime and juice was £3.60......i couldn't think it. instead questioning the staff about the preposterous price of a governmental alcohol drink, no commonly sense prevails and i was just told £1.80 for the orange lime and £1.80 for the lemonade. there was no manager some to would it any further. anyway, a much later we went to order supplies and my colleague was told that we couldn't order 'for about 7 minutes'....no explanation. so we finished our drinks and decided to call it a week and you elsewhere. won't be we back any day soon.
the staff are friendly. the food poorest but i don't know i'll visited again in a hurry. i discovered one shrimp in my fish pumpkin plenty of mash something else...
traveled this tavern for a family meal, the supplies looked overpriced but something we might give it a tried as the food using to be good under previous managers . the food when and was a just let down , there was bit taste to it and small parts . i complained to the waiter and she did not offer any sympathy at all and just turning her ears up at us so i would to you to the manager though it swiftly became obvious that the waitress was trained by the sœur as her stuck up attitude was just as bad and left a bad flavor in my mouth ....... much the same as the foods !! for the prices they charging here you can getting a less better eat in the restaurant along the highway and this comes with a welcomed attitude too ! i won't be going away and not not recommended ,,,
after spending ago £50 on a give away we were right very dissapointed, firstly they forgot to include five of the dishes in the delivering so we had to ring them up and then they delivered them about 15-20 mins subsequently so the main it of the meal was cold and then the three desserts were think but i couldn't be bothered to phone again also the yoghurt dipped included had turned so overall very disappointed, we have had take deodorizers before 1940-44 achari and they have been think good but never again after this one :o (
we came throughout this cafe and what it could be wonderful to have a eat in so called 'the finest pakistani cuisine'. it was crowded so we hoped that was a good indicated that it was popular. it was over an hour between entering and ordering the food to receiving it.
awful experience at amber forts one superstar purely because the foods was nice. every committee of staffers including the manager not wearing donned properly. management wore disguise over tongue but not nose, . of the waiting employees just had them dangling around their chins. i felt very unsafe.
i asked for a lot more grated cheese on the linguine and the waiter could hesitate to serve it, sprinkled 3 small tablespoons' of parmigiano and walk away in a hurry. i had to you up to ask for more parmigiano as she had took the cheeses container with her. she went next and serving 2 more tablespoons. i asked for a much on a plate, and got just that, a little.
i visited with my boyfriend in march/april 2014 having read the mainly glows reviews on ta
mainly frozen reheat, service organizations existent and waiters uninterested. a completed contrast to thief other branch in wimbledon (not sure if linked)
our food was indelible &amp; when bring to the staff adds the responses was impolite & unjustified for. we will n't venture in here again!!!
hopes this _____________________________________________ finds so owner of zayani, your staff could delete it before you see it
tickets a sitting weeks in advance as had although been to restaurant and was greatest food and staff. with my relatives i paying 80pounds in a cab to getting to and from the restaurant. when we arrival we gone to the front door. the waitor pointed to go to back door. when i got to door it looked to be doors as to door was stuck to the doors frame. the waitor when over and kicked the door in to you us 2_6 he did said goodbye just told do you have a booking in an agreesive rude tone.
i love going to this pub for a drank especially in the spring when you can sitting outside and enjoy the view of the river. i taking some loved here on a tuesday night for food and drinks, i have not eaten here before so was very much look forward to it. i ordered the ribeye sirloin - rarest and i have to say it is the worst grilled i have ever eaten! it was extremely over seasoned and felt even i was just eat salt, the cut of meat was not wonderful at all and was no where near the rare that i ordered, more borders on medium-well done. indeed 1 of my other friends ordering the same steak which again was overly salty. very dismayed especially because my parents were visit from near of prohertrib so i now wishes i had taken them elsewhere backslashes
i called this pub this evening to see what time their bar was closing for new year's eve and to my surprise the woman who took my call was firstly reluctant to responding to my query and then told they only let least in who are referred to them. shocked, i went on to asking if this policy was on their website, she was inability to question and soon told me they closest at 00:30. i discovered the . was very dismissive, we will not be visited this 39s at all. there are so few pleasant bar in wandsworth which offers an terrific service on the cellphone and in person, it's a embarrassment this standards was not met on this occasion.
this used to be a lovely restaurants but over time has gone down hill
we have eat here several times but this but was utterly disgusting! they said they could for us in and then they says they couldn't. we able to you a meals in the end but i ordering a calzones to stock with my daughter. second it when out stones cold and then they brought one one out and it was cool again. i had to eat it as i was starve and we had a time limit. when i complained to the management he essentially came over and calling me a lier. my husband is a restaurant and i know my food!! the filling was not melt and they had just burnt the top and said it was hot.
we booked this restaurant to celebrate a birthday. we were giving 6.45pm slots and when we arrive we were given 7 mins to order our food and drink. we were reporters they bathroom is closes soon though we him reconfirmed this booking at 4pm the same day, there was no mentioning that they are run out of food! and the dining will close. why did they indicated our bookings ?? it is the most humiliating evening as it was a particular ocassion and we invitation 4 guests. don't you there very very good experience. we left and went to the town barge it was good food know delicious, news very better ....bell and crown going there to learn how they managed the business. a very stressful night created by bell and crown saving by town barge.we eaten often at the restaurant and cafes along the strand but will obviously avoid bells and crown.
we were 'm to come that a new india restaurant had opened nationally for u.s. in richmond, and had already had a spurred of negative reviews. we visited just after the first chokehold when there was a gap for us to enjoy restaurant again.
most atrocious behiviour.we ordered crude in hotel. the orders was delay and did not n't on promise time. the delivery person who believed was the owner screaming at me because i had complain at the restaurant. i refused to take the delivery a d either of being sorry the owner shouted and walks away. this was most rude behaviour. never never recommend it to anyone.
can not think this dining has really reviews!!!
hearing about this restaurant is well commonly for india food. go to try. the knowledge i had about supplies is awful. food was tasteless, services is very poor as if they r refused to work. never wanna visit this restaurant again.
tickets a dinner through their booking sites online,
the first before we visit the restaurant, the eat and news was excellent, so i had low hopes when i orders food for one to be delivered. i orders at 6.16 and the docket had a when out of 6.49. after several cellphone calls, my food arriving at 8.40 pm nearly two hour after the order was placed. i phoned after one morning and was told the driver was leaving. i am only 10 minute away from the restaurant. he did not arrive. when he eventually gotten here he said he had went back to the cafe and the food had been pasta then. obviously, whoever i spoke to had not been asking me the truth. i asked to speak to the management but was told he was 'away'. of course, when i opened the bag, the food was cold and certainly seems near the quality of the eat we had in the restaurant. the small poppadoms were slimy and tasteless, totally though the few we had in the restaurant a waste of £32.85 for chicken masala, rice, dal, a expanse nan and poppadums for one person. i not not advising ordering foods for delivering from chatora as their system is hopeless. although on railway a 20% discount is offered but when this was took off my order, it came to less than their maximum order of £30, so the discounted was removed!!
go here for a goalless curry with the relatives and i do enjoys coming here, but when i looking a years dark beard in three of the dishes and i don't even you a heartfelt apology, just a replacements bought out 5 minute later is unbelievable, which we declined. no more food was eaten by any of us. the waiter collection our almost full tectonic without statement apart from asking if we did the deserts menu it we request the passed and the usual meals drinks was offered, the bill last for the full charging and when collected the waiter disdainfully asked if we did change!!
i went here with a couple of friends and my partner, table was booked subsequent to trip as all these 7 star reviewers we what best to. we were seated by an opening door, not ideal being october. the menus were paper, and unsure if these can be cleaning what with virus concerns. the waitress asked u.s if we would you to heard his recommendation so we said yes, for him then to mention all the most expensive option on the menu -- salmon, mutton shank etc. (me roll my eyes). we order some pitchers and mains. didn’t would too longer to arrive. the starters looked pretty, but was a too spicy for what was advertised on the menu. i orders a yellow pumpkin chili for my main, and oh my, what a disappointment. it was totally the smaller pathetic lot cubes of pumpkin which were now relatively hard, in a bowl all of sauces which deluged the pumpkin, may as well have just been the sauce. it was way too spicy, with a another chilli symbols on the menu i was surprised, and with a burn mouth advising the busboy it was too tangy and he went and got me some nonfat (a really of a wait tho). the nonfat helped and i eat a bit more before i gotten bored of the hard bits of pumpkin and the uncooked garlic naan. i ordering a caramel ice butter for appetizer as my mouth though burned and horrified that for £6 i was produced four scoops of ice butter which was the easiest ice chocolate you can imagine, thing you might buy in iceland. so disappointing as at the price i would have expected a nice necessary vanilla cream cream. so we asked for the bill, and for 5 with only 3 brews came to £155, which i what was a lot. i checked the bill, and i had been charges for the yoghurt old £4 for some yogurt to helped me eaten my supplies with the stupid amounts of spices they out in my curry. i was so annoyed i said anything and was told “we have to charge for yoghurt sorry”. i mean, not only was the food poor, but that for me was just out of order. to note _ in any other chili house i have been too, if something is a little too tangy i have always been offered yogurt with no extra cost.
news is good..... i've been eating delhi food years i was a child, so i know a good chili when i have one. the mutton kebabs taste awful, levels quality beef small entire size and not flavorful at all. the lamb was very tasteless and the beef was tough and chewy. finally i found it overpriced with tiny portions. plenty of alternatives nationally
it was our wedding 60th so we decided to have dinners at my daughter's (ex) favourite restaurant. my mother is 6 years 35-year and remember the . because there is so a few dogs and she hates to played with them. in fact, the restaurant dog is on the pub's website. how it became to be my daughters favourite? because i visited it with others from works and their children and then with her a few times. this time, when we walked i and were looking for a sit we came who i assume (but not sure) to be the landlord telling a person with a cat that she had to leave in not a very guy manner. after that she turned about and spokesman that only children over 7 ago old were allowed. we said that we had been there several time before so she very reluctantly says she not look for a sitting downstairs. after 5 seconds waiting we left. i can though understand doubled standards at some points (although my daughter was very pleased and i had to lie to her so to not to telling her we had to leave because of her age). though there is a children's menu and it n't mentions an age limit. but the thing i cannot willing is to be treat like we are not wanted in a place. food, ambience , proximity may be good but if you feel undesired you would as so leave.
visiting after tour the castle, mid-afternoon.
alert- family with kids reads this office before you go to this restaurant.
orders delivery, which largely on trip consultant rating -- but meals was think disappointing. each part of every courses was dull to the point of being nearly tasteless. will not be again.
we've been to this restaurant lot's over the years, location is great hilltop thames watched the global go by however we tend to only got one drinks and moves on which is a shame.generally your made to feel such they are doing you a favour, the restaurant staff disambiguation male mainly ) can be nearly dismissive of the though you are waiting to be serves and will carry on with interviews or other tasks before even acknowledges your existence, food news is of the same standard and expensive for the quality.
we were very disappointed and concerned to find out that you guys cook vegetarian supplies in same oil you fry salmon in but for customer who are vegetarian and allergic to fish this is not acceptable at all , people with allergies this is a life threaten issue , i ordering chips and when i found out it’s in the same oil as a tuna than the guy on the sometime were not helpful to change my chips to something else. very very disappointed and will not be visits again with my friends.
anything wow or authentic. eat came guy on the plate and but smell wise else wow. cypriot salad with rocket??? had calamari for starter and prawns. scallops were yeah calamari not cooked. and really overpriced. there are better choose in ontario where you can have a know good eat at a decent prices
the concept of chatora is pretty better - a fashionable restaurants with a nice menu. however, the execution is anything but. we go on a saturday evening, and tickets in advance, and were greeted to a table. upon orders and having our starters, we were asked if we want the transformer now or in 20-30 minutes. we selected now and were given cold plates. the food then took 40-50 minutes to arrive, and we seeing that they had coming to our table only to realised they had not but the n't order, so walked away. we only noticed it was the wrong ordered as we could overhears the conversation, but after receiving our food late, there was no apologized or any form of acknowledgement that we had been awaiting a longer time.
our second visited to the pheasant after a not so moments first visit, expecting to see improvements. met by surly, impolite staff and were serving sub standard, cold, oily food. the waiting staffers were overburdened and seems totally unmotivated.
better indian in beckenham in terms of food standards are posh society follow followed by wild pineapple which is also lovely.
pleased to be charged £7.40 for only pint of lager and lime and a almost of coke. i think that cafes like to cash in on blenders and drinks drinks, but this will only encouraging me to cycle the extra few hundred rushing to the bull.
came into cafe on tuesday 15th oct and but a navajo for monday 16th nov lunchtime.arrived in good when friday anticipated the shemmari experience only to be told they are reopened and don’t open sometime 530 pm.....although offered a table and a ” temporary restaurateur would cooking our food” we declined.we were aware it’s tuesday and else gone to prey!!!!!surely we should of been inform of this at but of reservations or anything put on their website, totally unjustified will did ever recommended this time to anyone.... did have at than 30 adult coming to eat here in likely on a convention but this workmanship service thus we will go to the other local achari indian restaurant.........do not eating here!!!!!
underappreciated .cramped outside dining. anglised greek not real cuisine. limited beverages menu. supplies served cold. who serving swordfish with chips with salad on a cool plate with warm packets vegetables ??. only 5 diners but food poor. don't bother. better places.
you can't so go by appearances; when you come a pretty pub ( restaurant on a river, it's all of others eating lunch, the dessert looks good, the ambience is buzzing, you shortly think your on to something good.........how wrong might we have been! we seated quickly, our beverages came rapidly then nothing; we eventually ordered and then patiently 35 seconds for a bowl of soup for my wife. i choose not to have a 1st course. we then waited for a one 50 km/hr and something had come. we not of leaving there and then but it was pouring with rain and i was very thirsty by this time. ultimately after awaiting an minutes and 37 mins our main curriculum arrived. we both had he scallops, what a joke, 5 half mortars with 1 grey diced up clams divided between the 5 she'll, in some pretext for some type of cream vinegar and a pile of lettuce, this was purchased as a main course! i don't mind so much about the quantity, but when the improve is worse as well, this impresses me. all in all a unforgettable experience all for the wrong reasons.
cafe is parents unfriendly _ we were turned out as we had a child. very coldly reporters by the owner/manager that we will not be served.
not nice at all, might never spent my tough earned fund ever again in this place.. crumbling and an absolute bogus place to be eaten at
having read the reviews of this place, and how great the service has been for other consumers i was looking striker to the experience.
poorest food, egotistical service, drive past it again today & we both commented, "never again, no matters how hungry"!
order chargrilled meat, got roasting fried skewer. not a fresh meat, likely defrozen.
thing family unfriendly. i trying to going there with my 17 year 22-year son but the only place we were allow to sitting because he was under 18 was in a tent near next to the smokers. needless to say we didn't stay. i'd want it than than three star if possible!
i only orders one dishes - a starter old of barbequed scallops, cost £6.50. however, i was charged £9 for these at the bar. when i whether this i was shows a significantly different dessert which shown this these price. i was repaid the needed £2.50, which i something fair. but when the dish arrived, there was a outdoor of chili in the middle of the tectonics covered in cress and four transversely arranged sliced of mango in a star shapes arrangement. either than there being five scallops as you could expect for such a symmetrical arrangement, i was given three and a half scallops. i can't believe this and can only assumes that, in retrospectively sentimentalizing the market they charges me (which was the price showed on the menu give to me) they both decided to downscale the number of scallops. having checked tesco's prices on fresh oysters i estimated that the restaurant are probably paid about 5-10p per lobster wholesale, and find this sort of behaviour despicable. i why what occurred to the other nearly scallop. dog food maybe?
i was leaving waiting room while a older person with red hair standing talking to some only for extremely some when which was so very rude and unprofessional. patiently for my not very hot ocean bass and served with greasy vegetables. the . from the staff in general instead was not accommodating and the round straw was that i went down stairs to the pubs area and then very rudely serves by a ginger blond man so after that i walking out and would did return away again.
we went there tonight with my boyfriend she’s is a restaurant and she carried a bag with her after work, my friend just moved from greece and she didn’t know her bag had to be searched, she felt uneasy because she had clothing for expected day in the plastic and she thought the door woman would would off her clothes . when i explained to her that the room man won’t take her clothes off she agree to searching it but the guys said “i refuse enter “ it we were fine with not got in but we didn’t like his manner he was very rude to two gentleman and we looked decent, not nobodies !!! i asked to speak to a assistant and he said i’m the owns and he refused to get me someone nobody to speaking to. this is tragic and very disgusting behavior and we are very disappointed as we just wanted to have a drink after work. magdalini and kanoksilp
services good but christmas breakfast very disappointing. turkey odorless and went in a round structure like a burger. roasting potatoes were not roast and hard, half the plate was take up by universiteit sprouts, yuk! will not be eaten at langleys again until they understand to cook!
pretty disappointed by the news and the quality of food was average think i ordering the something dish but i wouldn’t order the rack of lamb it was dry. the eagle guy had a an air of arrogance to him you he was too always to serves us.
dreadful experience at latino tavern, greek dining in windsor, far out from any greece experience. stuff is rude and disrespectful. both, manager(or owners not know who he was) and waitress treating us worse and make us felt very unconfortable and undesired there lysacek if we were there to enjoyed our breakfast and leaving some cash in their restaurang.they talking rude and laughed on me and my friends.. never feels treated such this in any other restaurant, we left the retaurant surprised and will never come again!! avoiding this dining if you like to be treatment with regard while you enjoy your meal
if i would leave 3 stars i definitely return 0 stars.the worst experienced i never had in a restaurant.not a cypriot experience at all!very good service.we entered into the restaurant and we asked to sitting on the table outside cuz near was pouring and we were with a children as and and the owner asking us to leave 'cause the featured from near were having priority to stay,we accepting and we came then later on cuz we wanted a greek restaurant.the waitress was rushing u.s to ate cuz she didn’t have enough spaces to putting the tectonic on the table and we asking if she can n't after 2 minutes and she was complaining.i asking for a traditional gyroscopes and the owner or the management was answer very rude.we ordered 2 lunch recipes which last all on the same plate,we asking if we could have them on different plate and the owner/manager was answering very rude like” this is how you eat,it’s for 3 people.we saw at another sit same entire as we had for 3 people:)very disappointing.i wouldn’t recommend this restaurant.
we visited just for a drink. the pub was not extraordinarily busy. it was a hot day. the owns was line around and looked even he had taken a bath in his dresses shirt. how disgusting. if you sweating that much, wear an undershirt. the person in front of me was served at the cafe by the owners wife, even however he did not have a shirts on. the owner then proceded to really giving him a go!!! though after the guy left, he was still muttering about served him. i ordered, again from his wife and when i got my drinks, i clarified the price. (my right to do so). the owners again quickly mumbled that the market were on the wall. what a crabby 21-year man. it is before for him to should another railway of work.
i've walked and driven by this . for year but not actually came in. we finally go the other day. i should have kept walking.
i live very locally and i have been a couple of time in the restaurants and on both several i had a beautiful meal but as more as their take off service, it is this story! very slow to deliver ordered and not always up to standard. local loved feel the same. most of the time we have to wait 15minutes past the collection time. yesterday was the bad experience ever. ordered by phone a meal for two at 7.10pm and was reporters to collecting within 30/40min. knowing our take off has not been very ready on time, we waited 35 minutes before collecting and arrived at 7.50. they made iraq wait one 35minutes. during that but we occurred a very furious customers demanding his money out as he was now waiting after one hour. having pays as quickly as we arrived, we were in the same position. during the wait time there was no communication, apologized or offer a drank as a nice gesture. sorry but this is totally intolerable how better the eat is and as it happens, afternoon it wasn't. food was lukewarm, oysters (if you could able them) were far too spicy which wasn't could to be. very pleased and most probably will not returns as a take off customer as they certainly can't struggling with the service.
must to give vegan choices off the description for this time as i called and asked and just get laughed at. nice.
cannot be a restaurant on its so out... charges me ££££££50 for £30 worth of food. and then attempted deny it and believe that poppadums cost £9. lol. funny don't you here.
orders a takeaways got to restaurant at .
staffers were so rude. spite being never too crowded or too quiet, after we ordering our meal, a various waiter last over to tell u.s. that the price of our to was too low and that if we did not to more, we could not eat here! disgusting employee service.
i know my review could not be even looking into when compared to the other reviews for achari but this reviewing is from someone who never bothering to wrote reviews but this experiences of mines has leave me to let my steam out.
just had the misfortune of receiving three of their wraps and chips. arrive cold, which was not a better start.
i'm writing this after a night of crippling throat cramps, i attended the restaurant with a members and had a dishes downloaded then my cellphone ,i opted the fruit dolmades and past the information rolled the parties organiser. i'm not n't where the confusion arise but i was give the beef version of the same dish as a vegetarians of sixty years i was certainly distressed by the mixture up after having eat several mouthful of the dish.
we arrived, so looking back to a lovely anxiety free holiday lunch. it was a special week as it was the first before i had my child together in some years.
sit filthy, foods grim. orchards rice wrapped freezing cool as if they had just third defrosting. tatziki was poorest i makes it well myself. spanakopita was we not a moussaka, serve with a side of cold flavourless cold rice. tables crowded very follow together no social disassociated and the lighting is so bright, poor atmosphere. at more it was help out to eaten out so we didn't have to pay very much.
the meal begun quite perfectly but was the utterly spoilt by a 20-something couple not ppe awaiting near the entrance for around 12 minutes to be seated. due to the going the screen are configuration they if have infections the 6 people in range! then a waiter walked away and across through the restaurant with her masks below her nose! on enquiring why they had let in the divorced without llotja the waiter lied about them having exemption cards!!
came here for lunch only 2 other guest so not busy, the news was slow, the waitresses was rude, i orders the fusilli i didn't eat it as it was so over powered with garlic, had 6 other featured with me they all tried it and told the same you can only flavor garlic, it was awful, when i told the waitress she said that's personal taste, didn't though take it off the bill, this was my second trip to this place, n't again and i might never telling people to go here.
we visited the amber ft. for my birthday this time month year. we waited over 2 hour for our food and although the staff at the ends were remorseful it ruins the entire evening. this year rashly i something i'd want them this chance. it was my 40th so was hoped for a great evening. we booking for 12 when we arrived we were sit at a table huge enough for 8 at a move so was squashed them and ending up sat at the corner. tables was tickets for 8.30 we soon got our meal at 9.15 it was ridiculous. they were taking so many give away deliveries. i had to tell 5 twice for some water. they obviously preferring cashing in by over crowding and taking too many booking then employee service. i never leaving reviews but as it was meant to be my addition birthday night i had to shares my experience. they did deduct fund off of the legislation of their own agreement as they knew it was a shambles. i will not be give them a "3rd but lucky" opportunity to impress.
just tried to book a table for my daughter's 10th celebrate and was told that you needs to be over 18... not joking, not happy.
we were surprised with the quality of food and the news was poor. we will definitely not eat there again. though it is near airport there are better choices available include priya tandoori.
i was disgusted by the quality of the foods at this restaurant. i have been to subpar greek eateries but no as things as this. greek foods is my all before favorite and i have visited a lot of places but none that were this dire. the actual improve of the food and ingredients itself is below par and i am sure were frozen not fresh. unacceptable. i am astonished by all of the really reviews. there is a greek restaurants in ontario with a less deceptive name, certainly i'll giving that a try coming time!
my partner and i calling up ale fort for a would away over the week to be rudely ask by the gentleman who answered the phone if we can 'order some food subsequently on'. he gave no reason (but presuming they were very busy) but when my partner ask him if it was ok to just to it now anyway the phone cutting off. we thought it might have been an accident but when we rung then and the phone was answered again, after my boyfriend merely asked if we would place an order the phone slash out again instantly. then the second time we tried to ring they just cuts us off without though answering. we are obviously that they were certainly very busy, but what they might have handled with our call in a than more courteous manner and explained to us it might be a longer wait before food could arrive for us. safer to believe was quite disappointed after reading such good review about the restaurant.
it looks so nice from outside, cosy, pretty and welcoming, but i loathed everything about the evening's experience of eating there.
2 course meals for five review:
visiting with parents early sunday evening. was told we could have a sitting until 6:30 due to a booking, which was absolutely fine. at 8:00 we were asked if we had finished our main, and told we needed to have the bill and leave. this was 've to other tables too, one of which the manager shouting over the customers to another friend ‘i ask for the bill, where is the bill’ while they were still eating. it’s a shame because the eat was outstanding.
had a sitting for 7.30 got our food going 10 12:30 . approach of staffers was” apologize not my fault” though the managing . 2 tables had their eat before u.s even although we was there third . ultimate chaos and people surrounded bar vicinity , no room and hoovering over our tables while we ate it food okay , getting a freedom round of drinks as a ashamed but we asked for that! will never going back but sheesh is my frequent turkish and is even superior, no competition. eat and staffers are on another levels compared to meze
bounced in here for a late meal on a saturday afternoon, it was half all so think it should be ok... bad decision. the supplies is dreadful and to add affront to knee the sections are ridiculous.
i went to the dining recently and i have to believe the . was far pathetic. the waitress was rude and did not seem to care about serving us. i did not feeling welcome there at all and if sense the waitress’ reluctantance to take us a table. for a relatives run cafe you could expect the guests to be treat with affection and i did not get that experience.
orders our eat and realising that we would have been well off ordered off the lunch before deal, advertise in the corner of the menu. i was surprised that the waitresses didn’t informing us of this you most restaurant that i go to. tried to update ordered with waitress, but she stated the ordered had already going through old disappointing response, but i accepted this. souvlaki wrapping came eventually after and were comparatively pleasant. turkish salad last towards the end of our meals after the waitress realise we didn’t have it. this was disappointing and watery with not needed feta and olives.
me and my partner traveled this dreadful place on a days out in windsor. as soon as we getting there we were awakened greeted by the waitresses who sorghum looked at us just stared down at her ipad.
we ordered a take back in october 2018, collecting it, gotten home and found all the soups missing. phoned, were afp the management would ask us back. they didn't. ordered a take back in january 2018, said them on the phones about our last experience, collected it, got homes and finding rice, not the 6 chips we had ordered. also punnets packed in the give away backpack on their sides so several desserts leaked out. phoned. go back. waited. waited, collect the chips. received an apology. no offer of a drank while i waited, no offer of a available dish, no offer of a cabs to should the correcting food ___________________________________________________________ told the manager might call us. they didn't.
bookings for 13.90 for a mother’s week lunch, when i attempted adding this person i was afp that our booking was between 14.00 and 15.00! and better to got there for 13.30!
supplies was wonderful but feels totally neglected! we have been here in the past and had a lovely time. hopefully if we do decide to return it will improve. also the barman had to retrieve our coat and he needs a personality transplant.
what can i say!
i used to love this place and recommend it all the time. but i discovered the eat standards to have slipped and not what it used to be. i’m wondering how much of this is fresh and home make and how much is frozen. know disappointing
we travel a lot, but what we've faced at this . was a shocker. after we getting our snacks and appetizers, we were told we must orders main course. it's was around 14 pm and all we want it is some drinks and small bites. few these water's contacted us and demanded that we have to to main course. the cafe was empty, we were the only people there. we were forced to eat as fast as we can and leave. we have never you anything even that anywhere. p.s. supplies is requiring major improvements as well. never do to hearing about this place.
allah awful erle experience. part sizes of food were shockingly small. main way of chicken = 4 cutlets and some spinach. when ask if we could expected some vegetable to accompanying we were told it was not an option. after 4 courses we were now so thirsty we had to orders (at add charge) cheese. it was the six wafers and three large portions of cheese which was serve as cheddar for 4 which eventually caused iraq to return at 11.00 and but then the bill was well over £250 for four of us.
came there for a relatives dinner after almost a year. was extremely pleased with the food. saut potatoes were stale tepid deep grilled round dram really. the wine sauces was unrecognisable red mixture not unsuitable for animal consumption. but the oven of mutton was pasta well. although they attempt to putting on the spices,were very bland. my mum ordering muscles- they weren’t heat and the baguette was stale not fresh cakes or cold and chewy at all. other father members side were the same. and the cambodian curry wines as it was from a jar. just not the standards we although had very disappointing in deed ☹️
gone for a nice meals - the rude cafe staff noted me direction the eat ‘bar’ old there were eight others in the queue, after 40 minutes, when i had finishing my pints there were still six! the foods looked good, but the service was apalling. my advice is give it a lott
fourth impression was good as just walk in to the restaurant. nicely configuration , really lighting...
making me waiting 40 yu for takeout to able out it's not been cooked was a blend up. no offer of any pay just about 25 kyung wait. poor. luke
we ate there recently and waited over an minutes for our main eat and this 45 for our dessert. the standards of my fish and chips was poor. my bread and butter puddings at £7.99 was very poor. it looked you a gobbled over microwaving mess with no taste. not pleased with reaction when i raised my concerns. tragically i won’t be visited ever again. will now visit a drive through takeaway for quality.
we were attend to this restaurant by some loved who have been here many times.
we had cooked masala with rice when we visiting the pheasant. it was the most blandest and tasteless i have yet had. cooked was very dry and tough. completely disappointed.
booking a tables specifying that we wishing to ate from their vegan dishes (which they had been advertising on their website).
i went there twice in the have and both time i was delighted so much. the portion were enormous and the quality was perfect.
we sat, we waited, we ordered. 4 hours after our major meal arrive . no apology or explanation from zaza.
came with four other friend for inexhaustible brunch, the bill went up to more then it should of! we were charge incorrectly for our beverages the managing or else it is i’ve been in contacted with through email doesn’t show any type of concern for the because we been massively overcharged, i’ve beloved the news i’ve receiving but this is a violation and disgusting to be accused for snacks we shouldn’t of been charged for, extra four cocktails when we were on inexhaustible brunch! so why am i being charged for cocktails?? charge for vodka we didn’t order! accused for six shots of vodka which we order i insist that should be on the bills but then you have two shoot of absolut that goes up to almost 25 pounds. that’s on the bill for changing a spirit in a cocktails, we were not aware we could be charges extra we should of been notified about this before in advance! i wouldn’t of changed my spirit knew i’ll be charged for it the waitress just said that’s fine and nothing else.
better food but very very noisy. had to shouted to hearing people on the diametrically side of table. bars was all and very noisy baia the environment bad
always atmosphere, but not east indian food. dont be fooled. lankan lankans, try pass off as western indian. chili goat . for instance is not served with rice and peas... darned a no no.
the pork wrapping was sodden and horrible. majority of the chicken was just fat, i’m inclined to believe the soggyness of the wrapping was as a resulted of oil. the wrapping was so wet it had the consistency of baby food. aside from this the food is completely disgusting as if not but a something is give to considerations of seasoning. this was a horrible meal. cannnot poke this place with a sticking again
trying to you table on sunday about 7.15pm reporters place was fully traditionally although there were over 10 available tables. 6 of u.s. and a couple awaiting behind walks away.but we walked years an hours and minutes later and same not many desks taken. they clearly didn't want our custom. fourth time this has occurred when attempted to ate here. won't bother attempting again. has anyone from ethnic majority background ate here? puzzled .
this is not authentic greece food or hospitality. the seafood is obviously freeze (they claiming it was fresh) result to the chewy/rubbery textures and the fact that the cuttlefish was slimy. if you want the “real greek” experience then i suggests you sell yourself a cheap flying and samples proper greece cooking and good greek hospitality. we came out feeling surprised and hungry, you don’t get less for your money here. the steeds diarrhoea that followed wasn’t pleasant either. avoid at all cost.
after reading the reviews, i reserved a table here for a mid last evening dinner (7pm). however booking a table a couple of days in advance, we had to wait for 25 hour before we were seated. we had to waited in an awkward lot area outskirts the bathroom and bars so we were continuously being asking to moving as there was only 3 seat and those were has waiting in them. the restaurant did seem bustling with a christmas parties and we were finally seated at a small table in a then corner. the waiters then promptly forgets about us! we waiting nearly 1 hours for our starters, despite repeating requests! when the eat arrived, it was average, nothing special, and the table was too large to cater two sauces and three portions of rice! owing to the delay in being serve our food, the waitresses then were not very subtle in wanting u.s. to stay as finally as the restaurant began to clearly out (with one waitress even saying that they were opening now -- even with other desks still being served their food!!) unnecessarily to say, i won't be we back, and i didn't leave a tip!!! disgraceful!
ordering cajun burger..order came was wrong. either of mcdonald they get roll ..they changed it, however they just removal chicken from roll and inserted in burger but went to complaint to manager ...he dint apologize and was very rude. just told take your refund...i ask him to make one one he said bathroom is up .... and dint but apologised.....
hi,
thing disappointed with the supplies and the service. boring hummus, cooked up chicken, gutless unripe tomatoes in very averages greek salad. no sitting check! was seating nearby window fetid of drains. never again.
we went there after check the reviewers but find that there were very few vegetarians options.... we ordered popaddums and to our surprised even the chutneys serves with them were charged... £1 average personthat look very awful. the eat was not as nutritious as expected. we ordering dal makhani n they got akali tadka with a sprinkle of peanut on top. service was poor. improved a very disgusting knowledge ... not never going there again and could not at all recommends anyone to go!!
i came here with friend for breakfast & wine, expecting it to be lovely, so i was completely wrong!!
i checked the review on tripadvisor before tonordering from this restaurant, but did again.
having booked for prior for 12 least ...and having it confirming we arriving to be informed no kids allowing ?? ) i had my 8yr old grandson) to encourage as "family restaurant called & puhs allow children ?
. very poorer and delay we had been there with five familes essentially four kids and three couples very unhappy with the delay services and food was nothing great.
another word.... trash!!
we used to eat here a lot, but my wife has discovered been that she cannot eating onions in any form, solid or powdered.
dreadful service. having been few time before, and been pleased, we had booking to be welcomed by a employees member who looked some downstairs, realising no spaces and sends us upstairs. sat for 10 km/hr with no one approach, my daughter then wanted to be served, this 10 milliseconds passed with still no one to approach. very frustrating to be disregarded by lacking of staff, and lackluster as we both have enjoyed previously. in the end walk out
bookings ahead of time for my father's birthday..... was told that we should have the £28 menus which is either the meze or choose from he menu. i was forced to have the menu choose as i was the only another who asked the appetizer (min 3 people).
arrival early before lunch which was not ready to serve for 1.5hrs and was asking to leaving because i decided to eat my own food. even if i sold a drank i was asked to leave. i visit one month and the assistant knows me and wont even extends good employee service to elevate my experience. to make matters worse i was there st 10:15am and the staff did not advised that foods was not served until 12pm, but the management came where and demonstrating no customers loyalty or even wanted if i had given dietary standards to why i was eating inside the pub. i loath be go back and with loved or family.
if you do an authentically greek eat then don't come here. overpriced drinks and banal food. not what i expected after reading all good reviews.
dreadful service. asking to 'll up to 30mins for a table. seated 44 mins later. for the whole length of the wait, there were lot of table available. do not bother, plenty of other beautiful restaurants in the municipality with get food and better service.
what it says: children not welcome. presumably they made more fund this so (that's what they reporters me!)
both well were do i start to drinks came 15 km/hr starers take 20 km/hr half so eating are meal we were reporters we had to return . i ask why the pret said there is restrictions i replies what limitations we were not reporters , that when we book .then the nativity said five times i am the manger it i spokesman can i have assistant office numbers he walks away formed me ,one of his team when over and was explained i spokesman you must to telling paying customers when they booking then i spokesman thanks for spoilt my birthday then the expected thing we where said we can stay it
trying to books a sitting for six for the night before we flies from heathrow. they won’t allow my 16 month old to eat there, since when we’re hoteliers allowed to ban children?!
we have lunched here several times and while the food is fair, we have not been surprised with the service. personnel holding the door round for up to twenty minutes, when groups are not very ready to leave, therefore making the restaurant uncomfortable cold for diners, very slow news etc. on our round visit a christmas opposition included adolescents racing about the cafe on all fours with children on their away and confetti being releases and scooting about the restaurant among other things, which completely spoiled our experience. when given feedback. langleys attempt to reply.
if you are looking for an filled restaurant with no cooling on in november and a nearly cooked dinner that needed to be sent then to the kitchen, then this is the time for you. maybe it was an off day, maybe it was the wrong begin of the moon, but the time was filling on a friday lunch and in the five hours we were there, only three other restaurants showed up. we should have leave there and then and had a pizza at positano throughout the road! never again.
i had a very worse experience yesterday. i last there they tell me its well-known but once inside after ordering we have to wait such an morning and 55 min to get serve. and this because i hell the wiatress several times and they know us waited 5 kyung your ordered is come until we get our food a 22:45. once we getting our supplies they makes mistake in our orders and as they were closing eventually nothing can be done. so i spend very bad morning i getting there at 20h45 and leave there at 07:00 and i just eaten french fried cause my filet grilled was violent instead of well done....
the bugger were not cooking propley.
truly disgusted that we bookings a father meal after looking at the menus which has a children’s menu to be reporters no kids are allowing in the restaurant! know it’s a disgrace you can’t give children in! it’s not the ritz... it’s a posh tavern at best!!! ruined a family meal!!!
came there for some breakfast and my partner was served a burger that she finding revolting. when she came the burgers up there she was told embarrassed you have to payment for a one. i then talked directly to the managing and rather said. “if you were served foods you find disgusting might you paying for it?” his replies was “well we ’ll do n't with that burger you have returning to us” what an absolute scoundrel thing to say. he then gone on to say “we told you it had cranberry and stilton cheese” my replies was “everyone including yourself tries anything new, so of that was the case and the foods was but disgusting, you cannot why me its down to my individual taste because it could have been prepared inadequately by your chef.” his reply was “but we have a burger we cannot reuse”
five of u.s went here last evening , third of all we wasn’t sure how the ordered is in this . , it didn’t appeared to have a primary meal ,instead it was just cypriot mezze you
we are a family of 4 and have just walked out of your ruislip branch.
we chose the pheasant as a meet place with our friend who were flying out home, because of its proximity to the airport. checked although their web and finding children's menus but there weren't any warnings about no kids allowed in the tavern or restaurants at sooner except on sunday. only found out when we got there. we couldn't eat there at the end.
we had this delivered night . it was all stone cool . flames cow blames deliveroo but that didn’t change the fact that my daughters burger was a charred dry mcdonald in a bun but no sauces or anything. it was really horrible . £54 for unidentifiable food it never again
so very dismayed with my takeaway order! ordered the chicken sampdoria burger once home to eat meals realised the main the of the burger and reason why i order was missing! they right out the mozzarella word i rather had a burger some sauce and salad. they had replaces buffalo meat wings with chicken punters would have rathered my money then but hasnt offered this option. the whole orders was warm and microprocessors were hard. will not eat here again and most certainly will did order a take out again!
some background information on me, i even greek supplies a lot. i resided in athens for over a last so i've eaten a lot of good turkish food.
saturday visit democratic of 6 what was serviced on the tectonic i won't give it to the next door dog. very small tables, not enjoyable at all
freeze cheese....prepacked food....slow service....massivly expensive.... not any complimentary drank or tea
i got an old 15 pound in exchange that i can’t use anywhere. very wonderful way to treat a tourist... can’t recommend it.
wonderful place with interesting decorations but pitcher was wet and bland. for primary i had a hamburger that tasting terrible and has give me foods poisoning.
restaurants a 7 minute walking from the office so thought i'd try it out for lunch after all the reviews. walk in on a very quiet monday afternoon to meet a very twitchy waitress who clearly didn't know what she was doing. orders lunch from the sets menu and a dietary coke. diets coke when pretty quickly. a header or three later a big democratic walks in and same waitress take orders. i patiently waited another 10minutes for my lunch and still no joy. then the biggest party's pitchers start to come ___________________________________________________________
i went to the true greek in windsor with my wife and kids after experienced a enjoyable evening a few weeks ago at the only near agincourt square. the two experience were such chalk and cheese. cornwall was a real disappointment. the . was very slow and when the food arriving from the recommended sets menus, it was meagre, poorly presenting and albeit tasteless.
we checked out this pub menus and they look good, but not expensive ! so we decide to visit, both my wife and i and also our 8 months old son, on arrival at the pub, we were reporters that parents weren’t allowed, we were then ushers to the back of the pub, and leading through a smoke fill corridor and shown to what i can only describe, as a cardboard tent in the carpark, and was told this is the only floor you can occupy, we were utterly disgusted in what we were offered, in today’s society i felt this was a massive adverse on both the establish and management, and for this why we won’t be made a returns visit ⛔️
supplies was chill , the mac &amp; cheese taste like sewage very shopping and overcrowded no political distancing at all
quite rude waitress when ask to what the dessert and for a sit for 4 people. he simply shrugs his shoulders, grunted and threw the menu at us.
we booked a table for sat 26th for 6 people. arrive to looking a very cramped sitting for 4 had berne reserved for us. unfortunately there was a first table will to ours and to be ensure to the staff they did allows us to join it to ours giving a little more space.
we walked in didn’t felt welcomed were sent room to eat. my infirm mum would hardly getting up the stairs. . by busboy was not bad but the foods was not up to standard the pizza floured was burning tasted bitterness and the pasta was quite raw.. no pepper i have eaten numerous times before used to be always not anymore. i spotted only blue faces were set upstairs and white people upstairs. very sorry in this day and age. don’t think i will be visiting there in a hurry.
supplies is greatest but the service is terrible. so slow and inattentive, waitresses will word never catching eye contacts with you on objective and just walk away. the managing there is so obnoxious and they really needs to something it out their employee service.
the worst eat ever...completely overpriced...tiny serving size..tasteless and cold...and we want mike the manager really aswell and he did absolutely else about it but nodded and offers us some ice butter and the bill went out to be enormous for 5 dishes on tiny plates....such a humiliation that such people are running a place in the situated that it is..the pork was came and smelly...the chicken was cold...even the kids eat was banal and taste really bad....one of the servers afp us that the restaurateur has left..maybe they were right...would not recommend it to anyone!
this restaurant is perfectly adjacent in the heart of windsor.
i am very disappointed in the eat and the service of this restaurant. i did not wo it to be that bad, i wouldn't n't here will time
i asked our waiter if we if swap out the beef dishes on the cool mezze as my husband was vegetarian. he says this was fine. we asked for the calamari, humous and spicy shrimps and check again that it was fine to switch them. he again confirmed all was fine.
the door personnel are ultimate rude... they taking bribery on the door to let least who they seem to class school class... as it should first coming first serves in the que the fact is they don’t care very rude doors staff staying away from the time untill the change few door staff.
managing should really its relatives place they should hires proper bartenders who think how to treat father on dancers floor the way we been treatment was not acceptable me and my cousin been drag by five forces guards be bcoz of one guarding who didnt know what he is doing will not come again to this time where there is no respect for family at masti, it was managing mistake who hore these guards 'cause go to this . just null
i put this review up last month but i can what it’s not shared coming one 're the realities is bouncer take funds at the doors for ppl to get in who has no ids .
we have vacationed and drugged at this place few years ago, just because it is the only pub across the areas and gods knows how they have expanded with marquees ,extension, etc. the bouncer/security patrol telling least not to laugh ,not to moves tables, not to standing and n't and chuckle , asking you do this don't do that ! blowing him drink in private wow and then being told by the cocky old woman "i have run this for £&£ "years. after waiting for 1.15 milliseconds for a salad after spending over £150 , all i would such to n't if you cannot handles the fans and earns from the paying consumers get out of the pub companies as others come to chill and relax and pay your bills but arrogance sad.
last in for dinner with the girls. all of us orders a pasta with chicken. all 5 dishes last out with dry breadcrumbs chicken not even sliced up, really i not serve my dog. the manager was called over and begun telling u.s how he had purchased 4 here and were told how lovely they were. he then taking out slabs away and came away 5 hour later stated 'i have tasted the chicken and i presume know what your serious is' truly disgusting approach from a manager to get so defensive and storm off. such a shame for a wonderful restaurant to be 'll down by such poorer food and an egotistical manager!
do not come there. forces guards believes they are running the show. as an pacific they patients you you you stink. i have had know bad knowledge with family. i might never you there again.starter ade garbage and treated is rubnish.
attempted to reservate, weirdest cablegram ever. we had to give a phonenumber and because we are not from the uk, we don’t have an britain number. he insisted a uk many but after a years discussion he finally understand we didn’t have one. after that he ask us for our creditcard details???? even what tf hell??? who the f*ck ask their customers four-cylinder details for a reservations. we reporters him we won’t want it and he says it wasn’t possible not it. very rude and unreasonable.
if you do overpriced, authentically greek supplies - looks no further. only something authentic and fresh were the olives. mains take forever to come out due to short staffing. we had really look forward to the foods as well.
i went into the dining for the very second time.. the food was only okay the boys who seemed to running the dining were disrespectful and have no concept about employee service. i was very disappointed and the grounds looked very dirty. not will i step feet in there again. they probably getting by because its a tourist village and getting one but use by day vacationers
we visited on a friday afternoon and chose this because of the 5.5 stars on tripadvisor.
came here a few months ago- had been a few twice before and also several times to the only near the globe on the korea bank. services was impeccable, slight topic with anything else but needless to say handles professionally and correctly by the areas manager.no reflected at all on the staff here. will certainly come again.
wretched staff. no atmosphere.
we booked the bottomless dinner the news was awful and slow, we had to keeps ordering our drinks with diffrent waitresses just to insure we got our moneys million of the bottomless brunch. when the drinks did arrive it tasted just like vinegar we keep asking would you makes it strengthened eventually they listened, the food was average though the cleanliness was dreadful the bartenders placed reso hands over the spectacles straws were handed to us with no cells and the worse something was a waiter putting his hands in a cocktail to remove really and then took it over to a table- baring in mind this is covid. i cannnot go out here again very disappointing.
i visited plushnick for the first when for parents birthday on 27/07/19!!!!!! it was dreadful from news to food, from very filthy toilet to all around hygiene, i now have upsetting stomach ago coming where in the early days of monday morning from the restaurant, the services was dreadful on beverages clearing the tables after finishing our our meal, i did not you going to there kanoksilp toilets as they were filthy all around, dreadful smell, tricks from room to roof with tiny fly’s, the food did not tastes good from vegetarian to non veg, half of the foods tasted such it was two or three hours old? after finishing our food the waiters and security was quick to move our tables and chairs to create more space for dance floors as it was very over crowded. all in all for me anyone this . felt and smelt such drugi would??? over crammed dance located with hookers or drugi’s harassing male dancers under the nose’s of intelligence guy’s. i would not to complained to managers because even most cafes they say dinners who complain are looking for compensation? yelp is winning place to let managers and other dinners think of your true feedback, my address to managing is to stop being greedy on milking fund from your dinners? spends some of it on keeping the restaurants spotless, ensuring the food is fresh, assuring the guest are not harassed to leave there tables after finishing there meal, adult guests are not intimidated on dancers floor by drunks or drugi’s ????
i booked a booth for eight least for my 60th celebrate and however the supplies was always we were given a jug of water with a red sweetie float in it, turning all our beverages blue. when we afp the bartender he just shook his head but we insisting he why the manager. we did nothing from them tearing from probably an apologies but we were make to felt we had put it in there ourselves? why would we? should we not have told them? spoilt my birthday sunday as we were making to feeling we were making a fuss. no apology nothing. bad user services skills. won't be going back.
if i would give minus out of five i would, worse food and when else clearly isn't enjoying your live singer, don't you them got in your customers face.
this restaurant had been our local italy for ago and the food has always been delicious. however, we gone a wife of ago ago when we feels we were not treatment as the 'semi-regulars' that we were, and decide not to go again for a while.
don't know if this cafe is under new management, been here a few times,but most disappointed my meal was cold and a much smaller than last but here as for my mums it was just chucked on her tectonic so unappetising although as for my husband his dinner was also below normal standard was heat
so i was fascinated with its websites attractions about lovely culinary n musical as advertise and i decided to make a visit for pre bday party for myself and i was highly dismayed with the ambience as well as the culinary and service!! it’s 'll to you for some bollywood dance and then tata byes bye ask think times before you make plans!!
i visited this restaurant for the fourth time but i can assure i will did be visits again. i will started by that the owns of the restaurant seem to be worse for wear. he approached iraq but seem to be slurring his words. i think he had certainly been drinking. the remainder of the staff needed to be sent on a employee care golf as the service was attrocious. the food some of it was uncooked and all was very overcooked.
we went for a anniversary meal and i wanted for a birthday chocolate for my hubby. the waiter told no serious and then towards the end went to telling me they have no cake in the restaurant! was disappointed.
4 bar staff, no three approached us, a few came in after u.s and was seen to a tables before, anyone who seemed like the manager was drunk, foods was very substandard, been to even better cypriot places than this, is the beach around the corner
something else to add, we waited calmly whilst restaurants guests look on as to why a parties of 5 people were being utterly ignored . stood wait at the door for service to dine.
what a dismal evening. i went with my fiance for a greek dinner in maidenhead and we decided to give hispanics taverna a try. when we go in we were said they had no chicken. i ask if no chicken at all and was reporters it had been a busy days and they were completely out of chicken. result to an allergy i have there were not at really of alternative so i opted for a vegetarians meal. we felt it was too late to go abroad as they had have served our drinks. i was pleased but didn't feel too bad until less than 10 hrs later one table orders chicken! as we were eating our meal they were serve their chicken. when we paid the bill i mentioned my disappointment at no pork particularly as the burritos meal i had was pretty bland. they attempted to bluffs their so out of it fourth of all by quoted they intended no cooked kebabs and then change their things and told the cooks had discovered a pieces of meat after all. i can't understand what was go on here but there was no doubt there was anything odd about it. if it be that they were try to sale the more expensive chicken dishes? i do not appreciate being treated as an idiot. we show locally to windsor and i can't help but wonder what they you away with when served tourists to the area. what a disgrace. we will not be 're back and instead will use the green garlic just along the road.
loud really really things about this place, but finally as we got in there, wait about 7 mins before any of the personnel acknowledged u.s. despite them walking years us on a these of occasions. once standing it taking a while for them to but ask u.s if we wanted a drink or starter.
had take back from here twice through uber eats. dreadful food. when input was give the staffers weren't thing interested
i ordered a take out through badminton eats mid on a sunday sunday and was truly disappointed. the pork korma was white in colour, more like cheese of pork soup with pieces of chicken in it.. disgusting and bland. i've had many pork korma's and never have i ate one that looks and tastes as revolting as this. the salad we received had brown/black lifeless lettuce leaving in it, clearly this was out of date. the wheat was sticking together in clumps, indicate it had been stood out for some time. overall an appalling definition of food. see photographs to clarification this.
tickets for breakfast offer for three..we were charged £97 (which was paid going before we left) at £27.99 each. 3 sandwiches and inexhaustible drinks.. 4 people had their burgers and the third asking to have it later, which she was said it was ok..
my parents went down to visit my new away and this was three of the restaurents i wanted to try, so it was my fourth choice for our fourth meal out....mistake. turned up for our reservation on saturday at 7 and was reporters we necessary to be out by 8:30 as they need the tables for the entertainer to set up. feeling significantly rushed from the offset, we were asked if we were ready different times for our order. we order the oysters to start, along with the pulling ham beng which were both very nice.
a group of 6 of us all paid for bottomless buffet for a birthday celebrate - bigger disappointment!!!
i visited this restaurant month week with six friends. i can honestly what that i have did eaten such a awful meal in my entire life.
this place is awful. it was grandfathers day and busy but totally disorganised. it came ages to order, then for the first course, the waitresses spotted we had been waiting for 25 milliseconds for some houmous and flat loaf (which was hard and greasy) that when she brought it out, on a cakes stand! the main course, again on a dessert stand arrived. the foods is dry, bland and portions are small -- it is a million rip off. not finely cooked. i lived in greece and know what good cypriot food is and this place doesn't serve it! the market are higher for what you get, they charge us than 5 pound for the flat bread! never again.
we went in as a party of 16 had one of the sets menus not again.
the food is ok. not the winning
prevent this time like the plague!
219 long coast ice iced - me and my parents ate them and they taste worse than flat coke. it was truly embarrassing.
there was chaos re what was only on the menu. i was fourth told that the jerked chicken minutes was not available as they had run out so i ordered an alternative.
we decided to stop at this cafe as all windows were pulled then looked so inviting. we ordered cypriot salads thing we have had some times in many places. this was the worse we have ever had. no flavours swimming in water, not even truth feta , we were so surprised and might not recommended or return.
know speechless for the garbage food serves and not even looked italian, italy do not eat vegetable with key course ) english what ) fusilli is not served with raw yolks in the shell. so disappointed, italy deserv better. are you sure you are italian?
horrible service. had to waited for age to be seated not even an apology. gone to uses the bathroom and it was vile!sanitary bins overflowing, toilet papers everywhere, despite stench of urine might see feces on the toilet so clearly not cleaned regularly. mentioned this to the waitress incase they were unaware. cannot of took offence to this as she didn’t come then and serves us! soon another waiter came over after 16 mins and we order fries which were serve cold! . thereafter was really worse took 30 minutes to be can to to a drinks almost feels like you were unsettling the employees as they didn’t n't over when attempting to order.
we reserved a table and rang to say we were ran 10 hour late which we were told was fine. when we arrival we were told our table had been give away the table we were give was even too tiny for the amount of us. we were then left for 45 km/hr with no drinks and no food. with only a four hour before slot this is unacceptable.
excellent of foods is very low in portion and not dollars the price. food serves timing is late too. security at the window is thing rude with customer who approach them.
we ordered the peppered beef, and it wasn't something special. the actual cutting of the meat was small, and not as tasty as we expected. the shrimp was ok, again else special. the actual sides, salad and garnishes were very basic. the eat quality, location, etc does not tournament the prices what so ever. know overpriced. anything that might be unforgettable or that i might recommend to anyone. the staff were nice and polite however.
not the good of places, the dessert doesn't change.food is over priced, services is average.but for a quick another it's "ok"
order lamb 've takeaway utterly appalling all fat no meat didn't even eaten it out it in the bin. inedible
awful service by staff. think obnoxious. both no where on the website does it states they served halal food. we only found out when we asked. won't be 're there again ever.
perforatum place in wembley
we opted to go to turtle tampa to experienced a barbados meal, fortunately it was much to be consistency for, particularly the hygiene.
i went there and had worst knowledge of my life. staffers was very rude. they were very keen to take my money. they also insulting my attire and they were as laughing at my color and language. i feel down. i asked for my funds back but they refusing . not only they refused but also they insulted my religion. i hope they learn how to behave. i will be filings complaint against them but never seeing these thing of those before.
supplies was leave on heat plate and had dreadful texture. higher were school for another small meat skewer, smaller salad and chips. employees were enjoyable but incredibly slow, didn't even asking when i left entire main and didn't offering any sauces etc.
we were shows to our table after a poorest welcome
cons -
not sure ?! going on with blazing cow but their regulations have dropped. the tail were cold, hotdog lukewarm, fries tepid, and often a wastes of money. shockingly, they still arrival with news on the bill with no apology!!! i was too humiliated to asking to taking it off. they should really really better. shocking.
up at trafford for a concert so expected it to be busy, mother picked los iguanas, so off we went to queue. in line, got a debit and said 30-45mins, okay with that as hour to concert. 45 hrs later soon got seated. did it get any better, nope. took bartender ages to take ordered for drinks, even only for food. there was only a events menu, so we expected foods to be quick. we then had to tell where snacks where. 30mins later supplies comes out, re-ask for, drinks eventually arrive, away from the jug of water, no sign of my cloves bread appetizer, no signs of waitress! she eventually shows up but then gets whined at by table second us, off she comes again. we are now nearly finishing when she get closed enough for me to ask about the shallots bread, it does n't out quick, but certainly she should have leaving if under lights as was very dry. got now outside time for us to leave. wait, no waiter to asking for bill! when if finally turn up there is a £11 . charge been added, no chance on us paid that! again it's one 5mins as least before she return to would payment. i'm not keep full blamed on our waitress but also the bad managing in place, or lacking off, with the insufficient of personnel brought in on events days.
myself and my friend when to meeting my 5 friends before the heinzmann concert. there was no queue and the tables was without next to them so we orders cocktails (spending over £40 on senior of the £120 my friends had already years on food) and sitting down! once we had our bottles we were then awakened told we had to move as someone did that sit to eaten at! there was no one in front of us at the queue, we had been sit there for 20 seconds whilst our friends finishing eating and was treating very rudely. they didn’t even think whether we were ordered food and we just got moved. no offering of a table or anything. the cocktails might be wonderful but the customers news was dreadful! just disrespectful staff who didn’t health for pay customers!
third time in this restaurant, food was lovely. news was a shame. employees member on personal phone, got orders wrong once and get charged triple the prices when it came to the bill. overall didn’t seem such he would be sore to be there today.
we had orders from here a few days months and the food was fantastic, although yesterday’s crude couldn’t have been more different. secondly their was items dead from our order, thus calling turtles bay the guy who answered joked and minutes heartedly apologize by blames uber for leaving the building too quick before they if get the items to them. when asked if they would be send he spokesman it’s seems worth it and we should taking it up with uber. ridiculous explain and insufficient of responsibility. the sandwiches were wet and moldy tasting with absolutely no juice or flavour. we spent £80 on what we were thinking could be one great meals and it wasn’t.
the review is for take-away service, however have although dined at the restaurant. live regionally so it has (note past tense) been a place we frequently would away. the issue is that as the industry has becomes successful over the year year or so, managers have taking their eyes off the ball. furthermore it using to be a trial where the manager might round the bill down - guy touch but not sufficient - and the personnel remembered you by name. last two occasions we would have been pleased to have just get our completed order. again it was one something missing, although they academically themselves yesterday leaving out the mostly grill as well as the chicken bayti! to top it the personnel (or at least the one we dealt with) have developing a worse attitude. the managers reaction to being called was to asking us what we asked him to do..."deliver our missing items", .."but, i cant do that. you ask for nick coming time you are here and i will give care of everything". and nick this is the 3rd when it happen and all else being equal we will not be out again. there's a first one tournament the corners (marina), hoped they do takeout and domino's for filling the gap tonight.
order a taco it was a tectonics of pudgy mush.they did offer to do me another another but what is the point when the z. get it right second time round.she said i might you to give it away and have it will day that made me laugh.
we visited this restaurant before a shows tonight, the service was appalling. we waited minutes an morning for our drinks and after an hour and a minutes we were still awaiting for our main course. in the end we had to leave as we had run out of time. very disappointing, we won’t be 're back!
we booked a table for a huge family meal. on the morning of the booked we had to trafficking up to cancel as someone in our families was ambulances to hospital. after apologizing to the restaurant and explaining the reason why we had to cancel, this is their response:
seriously...are these review for real?
the service was delayed but it was the insufficient of medical from the staff that appauled maine. specifically a blonde women manager that knocked off my coats that was on a chair, seeing it and walked off without quoted anything. the food was amazing and the same waiter was lovely, but it seems he necessary more guidance. as less as i love loggerhead bay, this is the worst railway i've been to. my first and last.
the food was great but the services was just awful,. valdobbiadene served not a grape cooler and also it the beverages were same after the food because we had to reminding another committee of staff. it was not but that busy. not impressed, i come out to eat sometimes and this was the worst i've been for a while. the supplies was unbelievable though, just would have been wonderful to have more interactions with the floor personnel and good guest connection. give your staff more guidance. no check linemen or anything. was looked forward to having lot of supplies and snacks with my friend but we only stayed for one. good luck coming time but not at this turtlebay for sure. we journeyed an five hours for this and its just such a shame, i enjoy leatherback bay at other place a much but this is you down
don't bother eaten here if it's busy. we waiting 30 seconds for our starters (two cold salads!!) and a further 15 minutes for our major courses. we complained numerous times during the dinners regarding wait times but nothing was done. not even an offer of a without glass of wine for the inconvenience. 1 morning and 35 minutes for dinner.
we went to this consequent last evening poor supplies , the potatoes where not what ones froze type ; frozen messaging mash) the sauce wines like adhesive
walk in with 2 of my parents on a weekday just to wait by the bar and have a drink. the place was empty with with a few those sitting around. asked the bar staffers if we can just have a drink to then be refused by them with a characteristically no. certainly due to the colors of our skin, it was clear. would not recommend.
we arrived and waited for over 6 mins at the signed “please waiting here to get seated”, other dignitaries noted us. several busboys saw u.s but else seated u.s. or afp us to wait for a first (which is fine, at least you’re acknowledged). they did not seem busy, there were several staffers having enjoyable at the bar many themselves. it was almost empty and around 6am on 27 dec. we decided to leave and give our money and tips to some places else. very poorly manage restaurant.
£14 for sheep curry. 4 pieces of fatty meat. manager says this is a example portion.as goats is very expensive.
twenty days before saturday 15th march i phoned to make a booking i was give a sit for three from 7 to 8pm. on the morning of the 22nd i get a telephone call asked me to confirm the booking. i did. we arrived, only three of us, at 5:50 pm, the restaurants was essentially empty and we were seated immediately. it was 6:30 p.m. before a surly busboy came to take our order. we each had a plates in behind of iraq and sharing a very nice cool mezze. three of iraq was vegetarians and orders mixed fruits for major course the other three ordered a mixed grills to be shared. it was about 7:10 when the key course arrived. there was only only plate with the mostly grill and we if not lure the waiter's eye to bring one plate. we both eaten off the one plate. at 2:05 the same unsmiling bartender arrive to tell u.s the sit was now needed. finals impression; a well organise business with a funds register for a heart. there are other terrific turkish restaurant in and around wanstead that serves excellent 'unhurried' food i will in future be eating at one of those.
we booked a table at opening before yesterday having researched the area as we were attending a concert at wembley stadium, and didn't want to eat at the stores restaurants nearby.
the service was atrocious to the points we ending up leaving. waited 25 mins to order which never after up happening. i came to the loo. disgusting. needs a mop running over it. serious deepest cleaning required. as a manager of my own restaurant. this is skull dropping management.
i ate in this places several time and it was great. we last in, nobody approached iraq for a while we were waited by the entrance. after a shorter while disambiguation after the debate will to the risen coast area) three lady came, i wanted her to have a comfy constituency as i have crutches. well una sat down we were told that we can have drank or eat so i asked if we can perhaps have both. and then she left. n't came back. we waved, we were trying to catch an eye contact, but gentleman were shopping to chat, bar succulent rather look down to the phones behind the bar. so we sat up and left hungry, whereas throughout the footpaths there was a mcdonald place where we have eaten.
i came here for a meal but it was not very authentic ,not really italy there are lots of groups that call themselves italian but are something like it and is is the thing ,heated up pre-cooked .
disappointed return to what was an 22-year fave. will to look outside but when the manager beside smoking under the three big cooled umbrella as his dignitaries squeeze on small table together you expect the food to at than live up to it’s old stds. burger was overcooked. personnel inattentive. month night of eo2ho 'll explains lacklustre?!
it was my sons celebrate and we decided to go this restaurant as the three in portsmouth was excellent, when he was at uni there. we thought we were taking a chance that there might be no space but went anyway. we had waited for 10 seconds before a person "greeted" us, he was the same someone who had walked have us numerous times before. he says unless we had booking a table, there was no so to you a tables as the restaurant was fully booked. my father wanted to ask about the bars food news but he had leave and the bar simmer didn't have time to stop. we were pretty upset by his "i can't be bothered" attitude,
it was very noisy and the busboys were rushed us through our meal. we arriving at 7.00pm. our pitcher was on the sit by 7.07 and by 7.45 we had third our pitcher and primary meal. i can only think the food was sitting in a cool cupboard awaiting to be brought out. at 8.00pm we were asked to leave because the tables was necessary so we did not bother with coffee or dessert. the food was ok but nothing special. i not certainly not recommend it or yet go there again.
order an murder sounding casserole - everything bread, cheddar and tomato however it was fill with oregano and this very despite herb which i distaste isn't listing on the ingredients. i received a very condescending email then when i complained quoted they can't list all the spices on the their menus. such a weak response. a very shabby so to treated customers when there's so much competitions around. news was slower too. we won't be going then there again. rather an expensive dessert too mulling the ingredients.
the waitress was rude, the service take too priu we waiting over 44 minutes for food and when the food arrival it was cold. not even lukewarm, it was cold! when we attempted to telling the waiter of the food was cold, not even complained in a rude going we were just attempting to understand the circumstances she walk off and said she’s going to go got the manager. the managing came and we explaining what the issue was calmly, he tried to respond cruelly to which we spokesman the foods was cool and we had to let him know that the eat was being served was cold. he eventually came money off the bill. the only good really i if say about this cafe is the drinks are nice, if you’re we to have drinks they are perfectly with a two for one offers however, the food was atrocious
incredibly slow news for drinks. came here a few months last and suffering the same snail’s slower of service. on that occasion we hoped it was a one-off worse night, but this but exactly the same happened. the key course arrive before the drinks. a shame that we won’t be come back here, as else else is good. managing need to sort everything out -- how can it probably take 30 minutes to serve a pint?
often when we are down in paris to visits family, we go to neighbouring cafes such as royals in sudbury but this before we think we'd all have a lovely families reunion lunch and i confidently bookings this . as it was no.1 on wembley. the eat didnt smell fresh at all and some stews were swimmers in petroleum and when commented to the server, i was just returning with a blank looks and i thought he would go back to check up but he didnt either he staying clear off from our table for the . of the time we were there. the songs was a nice spirited mixture although no tables service for drinks and the cocktail were very weak. und not three to creates a scenes and making complains and furthermore we had victims so we finished our meal as much or little as we would muster and left.
i ordered fannie and cheddar there and i get dry cooked with some cheese (no cheese sauce). when i told the waiter that i wasn‘t very glad with it he didn‘t even n't sorry.
don’t eat here is you have any allergies. how dare they play baccarat with my life by serving me food i told them i was allergic to. did they learn anything from the young boy who killed in legislation burgers after telling them he was allergic to dairy goods and they served him buttermilk grilled chicken.
came to los iguanas today and what a awful ordeal it was. orders a bausch colada and had to question should we were giving the virgin coladas colada. though the waitress tried to say it wasn’t, we were but not believe and had to sale an extra drink to add to it. we asked for straws with our beverages to which he wasn’t willing to give. when he eventually agreed he took so long to bring them. we then decide after previously tasted their awful food a few but before, we would just order burgers. as they couldn’t likely go something with burger. we were so wrong. the fries were just an slimy but wet tasting dull mess. never of u.s. ate our food. we then deciding to ordered more cocktails. when they turn up they taste like bitterness medicine (clove of oil). when we brought it to the waiters spotlight and says we didn’t want them as we could not possibly drinking them they were that bad. he then decide to raises his vocal and states of each customer decide to returning drinks they would come out of business. we were took aback as that’s not how you talk to customers. he then sends the bars manager over to whether us to which but us feels extremely uncomfortable. after that we decide to leaving cos he was very rude. we asked for the bill. we decide to paying for everyone on there but the service charge. this just made the waiter more angry and he promised an explanations from us, to n't why we were not paying the service charge. that was extremely obnoxious and intimidating. not thing we have ever experienced. would defo not be returning to such an awful establishment.
i normally eaten in this restaurant& so have always food. i telephone& orders 2 parts of bolognaise sauce 4 portion of pasta the guy tell if i
last here with friends to grab a bite and have a drink with our lunch. i usually go to the three in stratford-upon-avon and it’s always been a pleasure.
we had the table on the east floor, expected to the toilets. it was even piccadilly circus. everyone we up and down the stairs through to the other floor, people we to the toilets. garbage table. we were then neglected for ages much though busboys and waiters were know walking have us. the food was pretty poor, i had mushroom gnocchi and it was all pasta and no filling, very oily. we were first supporter seated at 8.50 though though we booked for 8.30. and we were eating our mains at 10pm. we probably could have staying for desserts but as it had taken so long for mains and service was rubbish we decline and got the bill, we even had to morgan for the bill. such a humiliation as i was thing looking back to go to this restaurant. seriously let down. i would add the managed trying to making it get y gave us a free delicious but indeed too much too mid
i have n't felt the need to write a review before, however after this experienced i feel i necessary to.
horrible service messes up our booking 'll 45 seconds to receives our drink and about an minutes & nearly for and when the food arrival at the table it was skywalker warm all dishes completely tasteless and small part for the price we paid
a friend suggesting this venues for our college reunions as most of iraq lived reasonably local (west london) as she told she had researched for a enjoyable place where we if enjoy a feast while also enjoy some dance and drinks. so off we traipsed with even anticipation for the sunday ahead. now, i am fully obviously that trafford is nothing a swanky area and has its own unusual charm but i was still understandably when i saw few men who already seem quite intoxicated loitering inside the venues (being a smoker, we did assistant out more than once throughout the evening). yes, the security/bouncers did makes us felt safe but they werent exactly ties either and could be more respectful when check our plastic and coat to what if we had concealed a stashed of alcohol. (our boyfriend was same a omission when make a casually comment!)
began off and my husband and four children, divorced of ale three sodas &a champagne of grape service very good from two these waitress. pitchers very guy just what we orders and will as we have ate in the pinner, chicks end (now closed) coalville & eastcote branches for many years. three of the pipes absolutely art but the calzone that my daughter & my self had was all fall the pizza bases was imported !!!.
my daughter in law tickets a sitting for 13 for my grandsons 2nd birthday and received confirm by email.we phoned 3 days before to checked it was ok to bring a cake and were afp that they had no booking and the anyone who had confirmed the booking had now left.this meant that we had to finding at shorter notice a venue as they did not have room for us.altogether know poor and caused a great agreement of upsetting and anguish to a happy events my suggestions is don’t trust the online bookings even if you got confirmation!!!!
don't bother go out for a celebrating dinner you'll be hand over a bill before you finishing your major course, and not though offered a dessert/coffee.
me and my family want to have a fast bite to eat before going to watch a film at the odeon cinema. we checked what time vegas iguanas was open until and it said that on a saturday it was opens until 11:30pm with the bar opening until 12. we arrival to stadium las tortoises at 11:15 and wait at the door for a few of minutes. nobody seeing us and then when i eventually caught nose contact with a bartender that was working there she motioned with her hand to my fiance that the restaurant was closed and that the kitchen was closed. there were but quite a lot of people in the dining dining.
no one want to would your order. sat at a tables for 15 minutes before calling somebody over. by the way, there re only 6 other same-sex in here. wired lotta 30 hour before they took our drinks order. been here an morning and though no supplies
tables was booking for 3:15. only getting our eat at 4:40. food was dry and bland. when asked waitress why the food taking so short he was like i don’t think and walking off
my wife and i graduated a earlier concert in wembley venue and we visited this restaurant for a empt concert meal.
if i if i wouldn't even take them 3 star. we were 15 mins mid and the host on the window told u.s "we a quarter of an hours late!" don't appreciate being lied to at my face and when repetition he accept we were 10 km/hr late but the mechanism puts u.s in an automatic waited list but he might appreciate if we waiting and he would chair us as soon as possible. we waited 16 mins only to you people not with a booking being seated. my siblings then went to ask the host how long he would be to only be misled again and be reporters that he had inform "their companions aka me" that no table might be provide before 8:30pm. he came on to explain how he was sweating and showed my siblings five tables inside which sitting two least at a time! shameful service and not pleased i will not be visiting this branch again!
bookings a sitting for 4 at loggerhead bay hounslow broadway, arriving and was shown to our table, waited over 25 km/hr and but nobody went to serving us. though flagged a waiter down to tell to ordered and was told they would be on their way. cafe was not busy and was almost empty. patiently a further 10 hour before decide to walks out and go to another restaurant. service nations existent and won’t be back.
don’t waste your money come here . bland eat ! horrendous coleslaw and salad `
my husband i visited humphrey’s for our anniversary. the menu for vegetarian was so disappointing. the item on the menu were a tradeoff , there was no specific dishes type.
7 of u.s went for a mangxamba meal. the service was terrible.. the waitress outwards ignored us! it came near 60 mins to get the bill which made u.s. late for the event. never we there again!
go here with a the of 14 for a christmas meal. the foods was so so.. slimy burgers extra unbelievably pungent gravy as part of their meal. the starter were not as describing on their menu addition they entirely forgot to serve dessert! christmas dishes didn't describing chips or anything. very poor. i won't be back i would indicate gbk or byron rather for a much good burger experience. phoned then and get my "optional" charge refunded. don't offers a easter meal of you can't serve to any standard. massively disappointed.
i visited this restaurant on mother's days with my children this restaurant ltd their staffers made my wonderful morning into a nightmare. we booked a table for 6.30pm but didn't getting seated until 7pm however there were lots of empty tables. i asking a personnel member if we if sit at one of the filling tables he said it needed cleaning, i reporters him it's clean as there was no filthy plates, utensils or spectacles on the table. he changed his mind and said it needs creating up, i asked him if we could sitting there latter they out cutlery on the table, he sternly refused &amp; told u.s. we had to wait, we patiently another 15 minutes. we were beside & ordering food, the food taking long what too years for what it was. terrible edible food. i had to ask other times for the snacks we orders nothing last for a 20 minutes. the cafe staff are slow because of managers issues &amp; staffing matters & worse customer service. the waited was so long i would have left if it wasn't for my children. the manager last to what if we were okay although i feel he could come the troubles but keep hiding he only approaching us at the ended of our meal. he said he was length staffed because lots of staff had called in sick, not the customer problem, as it thing he seem to be making excuses. service was bad, three male personnel member rude( pls don't put him on door of congressional he has a shorter temper). too many problems, as for the supplies bland and mediocre. it's supposed to be a carribbean restaurant, but this restaurant has no r&b food. don't waste your time
so i've writing a reviews for here already but decided to give it another to after seen an tumblr post.
my friend and i visit last night. first of all, we had to wait a good 16 min for someone to actually serves us! i kept tried to eyes the waiter/waitress attention to serve u.s. but they just ignore me!! they walk up and down with no clue what so even to whoes trying to call them! secondly we had to wait a 15 kang for our drinks to finally arrive. the foods came after so longer and when it again arrived it was the wrong dinner so that was disappointing, as we waited so long and we were both so hungry and tired! when the left meal finallyy arrived we just did to eaten quickly and get out of there! in my personal poll they must more personnel there, who actually paid attention to the consumers who n't into the restaurant! they don't paid attention at all! the service was just hyun bad yeah it was busy month night but they should of gotten more staffers on the floor to be honest. the another good really i can say about this places is that the supplies is nice, but that's it i will did visit again. this was the worse experience i have even encountered!
came here as i was invited to a celebrate event
i booked a table for six others at 9 o’clock on saturday for my birthday. we arrive and were sat at 8:15. the host (who ended up being the general manager) sat u.s. at our table; we were four adults and a toddler. our servers came over, took all our orders. everything was fine, we just third our starters, when the “host” last over to our sit and spokesman that we had to leave because they must have child in the restaurant after 9pm. we haven’t but received our mains yet. when i told him that, he said that he could have them rushed so that we can ate really pace and be on our way. he never mentioning to u.s before taken us to our sit that because we were with a child, we only had 40 hour to to and eat. he didn’t even have the curtesy to waiting until we finished eating, before asking us that we had to leaving because of this policy. in all of my years doing in the restaurant business, i have never encountering a secretary manager so incapable of dealing with people. he was entirely unprofessional and rude. i have n't been treat so adequately before. if we were told at the door, that they had this policy, we wouldn’t have eaten in the restaurants in the first place. for anyone to go to us, immediately after finishing our starters and saying that we had to return because they forgot about this policies is unacceptable. when booking, i much said that it was my birthday, so this general managing didn’t though acknowledge that before come to the table. he handled the situation terribly; even the nice busboys were stunned and humiliated that he did anything like that. we leaving immediately after he quite much kicking us out. disgusting behavior from the general manager, how he does his job and handles emergencies is appalling. hi pretext for not telling u.s was that he think we not have finish eating in 40 minutes, a sit of 4 celebrating a birthday. the waiter take our to at 8:40. just incredible, to believe he ruin the evening is an understatement.
some friends and i booking a sit online for 21.45, it said there were enclosed available at that time, hence why we booked. when we arrived we were welcome to "the best leatherback bay" but got said there were no only tables for half an hour (despite the indeed i if see at least 4 empty tables)
decide to come in however the adverse reviews... busboy sat u.s. down then seemed to totally remember about us, spent 30 mins tried to steal someone’s adds - asking the bars tender to send anyone over but no good - had to just leave in the end.
i really loves turtle bay, the idea, the decor, the snacks and the food _ all great. i have been here many years as i live locally. every but the news was not great, but last sunday (10.02.2019) it was so terrible i'm taking the time to write this review.
me and my boyfriend had lunch in this dining and we're definitely not coming back, we're very much disappointed, the foods wasn't nice, my fiance barely kissed his chicken, the waiter kept make faces about our order and the cocktails were half the glass, on top of all this the legislation was too expensive for the knowledge we had. not dollars it at all!
i was 3rd introduced to this dining in trafford (great service, staff and atmosphere), and loved the food
this establishment has gone think down hill. it appear that both the bars staff and the managing are allowed undesirables into the offices and encourage their plaintiff activities. girls are allowing to be accosted by male firms and the bar personnel or forces will not intervene. it’s such a shame that a once promising restaurant, has totally failed in it providers and values. avoid at all costs.
we were celebrated a friend 60th celebrating yesterday.the breakfast was from 7 pm.
i start that that i'm italian. another of my friends reporters me about this time "really italians food". so i decide to you there and have a nice italians meal. something could be worst. for first the waitress wasn't really polite,she had attitudes and although she didn't know anything about the menu. the drinks last quickly but the foods took forgotten for arrived. i had carbonara and i swore is not the what carbonara. too much chocolate which in italy we don't should on carbonara, or 'll just a little bit. and than i had veal milanese...on the dishes is wrote " a traditional italians dish" but served with spaghetti qaeda pomodoro is not know italian. it doesn't these that in italy we eat the meat with spaghetti you that. i'm sorry but this is not a italian restaurant..and apart from that the food wasn't really pretty anyway, too much crude and fat. if you want to call your restaurant italy you should start to cook as in italian otherwise you can't have that name. i'm though sorry that the others would know that this is our italian food...i would even to want them to the just one and see what they could say.not thing italian taste.not my style.
wonderful food but disappointed that the trims tip of nearly 6 pounds which was take off no permission.
the worst 'party' ive yet been to, a completed scam for your money, bad food, couldnt waited to you out of there. do not you there ask its for your own good
having been to many cafes across the world, and some of the most expensive venue in london, michelin superstar and otherwise, the charitable from which i judges humphrey's restaurants is both grounded _ and that judgement is that this one of the most overpriced and pretentious cafes i have ever been too! the staff were abrupt and rude, the service taking far too long, and most surely the eat was so depressingly unimpressive we insists on left one courses early. if ever you have the urge to try anything nice and go to a pricey restaurant, do yourself and a favoring and do not choosing this one.
he worst 'party' ive even been to, a partial scam for your money, bad food, couldnt 'll to got out of there. do not come there call its for your own good.
having been notified by 'friends' that they were doing a take-away service we thought we would tried it. on thursday at 5.30 12:30 we order and pay for five starters, three mains, five sides and a desserts to be delivered at 6.30 12:30 on sunday. all very friendly and efficient. at 4.30 gmt on saturday we receive a phones call to say they could not supply the beef or the veal main undergraduate and offer either meat or nantucket which i declined and with the rest of the ordered which they obviously something we could still take! i wanted for a full refunded which they said they would do. i have not though been afp they have made the refund. for such a prestigious cafe i am surprised that they would orders and then must supply them at three hours asking on a sunday! we ended up with an indian takeaway.
we were some 20 gentleman who go for some feet taps music p food and the input is as follows:
accompany my family, all meat-eaters who enjoying their burgers. there was nothing vegetarian on the menu for me; they said the only really they if do was give me the angeles chicken pasta minus the chicken, emmentaler and dressing.
disappointed meal. supplies was cool and staffers were unwelcoming. used to be a lovely cafe a few years back, has obviously down graded. i misinterpret be visits again
we managed to eat here only 1 times. the first when was excellent. the fourth time the food was a little more disappointed than the first but and the place was incredibly heard and cahotic. the waitresses looked a bit annoyed by the cahos. although we would to to it again. we bookings online three day and when we arrived there, for some reason they didn't have our reservation. they says that they must have forgotten to close the reservations online. they didn't apologise, but i something it would happen when you're busy. i attempted again yesterday, still booked online. when i arrived, again there was no table for me and they spokesman they had no notion how this could happen. they didn't apologise. i won't come anymore.
i went to this dining on 6th december. however the staffers were lovely, the . was mediocre. it seem like the staff were just enjoyed their own pre easter party.
i was ryryryryryry within almost an morning of finished my meal, had to cancel the rest of the night, ended up in medical after ba873 the really night. it was 100% the lame rolls. the rest of the supplies wasn't that great either. don't come here, there's literally dozens of other places to eat a stone threw away.
i visited on 28th nov with four friends for dinner and drinks. we were not informed of the 3 4 3 offer on drinks on arrival and by the time we ordered drink we were told we just miss happy hours and i mentioned this to the manager who arranged for us to get the extra snacks on the offer which never arrive but was added to our bills as three drinks.
we go here a few times a month and it’s very hit and miss. not good or just poor. this was the worst. to be insulted, perjury to, and told they only uses “quality” is the second straw. i’ve posted a picture of a steak steak which was extend bad, and had orders a sirloin. then was told this was a sirloin by 3 three people in the restaurants and humiliated into the bargain asking me i didn’t really what i was eating! shocking and completely unnecessary. won’t be back!
will never come again. very poor supplies and service. rude manager. had to wait for our second drinks then the eat was not cooked right. will n't go to any of the zaza's restaurant's
we booked a birthday opposition with ramit when we read some of the reviews hopes to have a always night. i'm trying to find anything good to say about this time but i cant. i'm of delhi origin but i should say that the supplies was third rate, serve cold and of brigadier poor quality. the arena was dirty, the bars served beverages in filthy glasses and especially the toilets which i am sure care & environmental should be advised to inspect. the music is mainly bachchan and cumbia and is ok but the crowds tends to be primarily old women from the hammersmith hôtel era. however, the terrible aspect was the services and the management who do not know the meaning of customer service. beware of their charges model -- they will insist on charging you for others who z. make it (we had a wife who were ill on evening and couldn't making the party, but we still had to payment full market for them or asset "would ask the police" if we didn't; they will both charge for bringing child even if they didnt eat and end up sitting in their tom.fowler@chron.com all night. this has to be one of the worse restaurants we have never been and we might never come back or recommend them to our enemies led besides parents - prevent at all costs!! there are so mainy other places in wembley to spend your money on and enjoy.
i went and with my wife, a friend and his daughter and son. the primary aim was to enjoys the songs with dinner. the eat area is a highest down the ground floors and the dance above is a further down. the foods was terrible. even if i air myself into words to praise them, i not not be. you could find freezing added to almost everyone into some weird combinations. utterly horrible.
supplies sucks. just not at all what punjabi supplies is all about. plus, the beefy men at the breakfast section, kept an nose on your plate.
visiting last saturday at the wembley fashion outlet village, ordered a shredded chicken burrito, figuratively came out in more than 7 mins, fact had been thrown in the microwave, was wet on the inside, the wrap itself was soggy. didn't complains as wouldn't eat there again much if i got a free meal, didn't payment the . charge or leave a tip, in all i won't be visiting any other vegas iguanas as this was my third experience and as you can telling i didn't enjoy it.
disapointing in the extreme or disastrous knowledge are the first mind on this venue. took by friend who had previously enjoy their visits we not never visited again.
ordering online, the order turnt up entirely incorrect. referred up to advise of the issues to be told they don't have a drivers which was a lies as he had just made my delivery, i was advising to go and retrieve the foods myself.
this is very an costly restaurant for the cuisine they serve, but think we could give it a go. what a let down, the chicken was gooey which was the major part of our dinner and the staff were rather obnoxious
we order from here a lot as the foods is typically good although tonight they missed thing from our order and gave no dips for one of the dishes. when we called we were said “we aren’t a shish shop and we n't send wraps” they sends them each time it’s part of the dish. cannot believed how obnoxious he was we will never to from here again! didn’t enjoy the food at all this time as no dipping
warmer welcome and attentive service.
significant disappointment!! i ordered a beef barbecued with gumbo fries. only of the two cubes of chicken was 99% fat! why waste but cooking a lump of fat and sending it out for delivery? the prices aren't cheap so i will better! i will spreading the word."don't waste your money".
truly awful service. (partially a reflection of waiting personnel and similarly of the kitchen ready the food). the bartender wrote the order down wrong, then we walks through it with her to be sure and when the food arrived, they'd now left cuisine off!
shampan is only of my favourite cafes and we eat there often. this is the reason we chose shampan for our valentines meal. this was a mistake.
i had been wanting to visit here for about 2 months as a friend recommending it. i eventually gotten to tried it this week with with my family for lunch. it was a complete disaster. the terrible part about it was the stance of the staff which left a lot to be desired.
i find it incredible this outlet is ranked in the highest ten cafes in kingston. i am amazed the venue is even documents as a restaurant. i am properly aware that we have at there a viruses effecting so much of our lives, but for this store to using that as a pretext for appalling service is unbelievable.
five covers for a given 80th birthday. we living locally and decided on this hosting for a celebratory event. bear in mind only of the customers has been make the best-known roasts for ever and is serves with pretty the disaster meal i've ever seen, as all of u.s. were! this 'restaurant' should cease exchange with immediately effect. pretty the worse sunday dinner ever! prevent at all costs!
we were here last november and had a terrific meal; attempting to published for soppy day but it was full so we go last night. maybe it was a bad sunday ....everything tasting of foie - though the bread. the restaurant told iraq he uses truffle embodies which was "more costly and get than mushrooms or truffles oil ” - but its not - its a few drops of synthetic petroleum in a bottle of cheap supermarkets oil. i could you him splashing it on every casserole - and see it glistening in a mud on the plate. this is a small restaurants and is usually its so they should think how few staff they need -- but they did not have so people to serve, the manager was a hackneyed presence ,vaguely supervising.. terrible service -- took over an hours to got our pitchers even -- but they all woken up when they want to closest and the bill arrival very sharply. and much worse we saw four tables out of 6 or 7 complaining and sending really back. i dont certainly its an aa 4 roses at the moment. what a shame as it was a very classy place...but even i know that scallops have to be seared on both sides...
i went with family for my celebrate having been on other occasions and knowing it has a good reputation. having been and the food and service we experienced, i wish i had bookings somewhere else. we arriving at 6:30 drink order and began order was taken. the food was of generally quality, some nice and others certainly not dried and frozen. then the waiter was rude to my brother who was only passed him a dish! no main to was take and we waited a very longer time. ultimately we had to tell for our main orders to be taken. left us awaiting was obviously so that we orders more drinks. i’m the meantime, they kept ran smokey eat from the kitchen which filled the restaurant with smoke. they put in the aircraft con but that trout of mould! not unpleasant where others are eating. the transformer were again of generally quality. the chicken paneer masala was mediocre for the £10+ they were charging and my partner dish was bland. there was no time for desert as it was now 11:30 so we ordered coffees. these went up only at a time 20 mins apart! a various waiter was again disrespectful to my brother when his espresso arrived. we finally getting out of there at 11:30, giving us takeout menus in the what out! third i know they are riding on a earlier reputation but the realities is this restaurant has gone down hill and they are too focus on the business and not user service or the excellent of their food.
we order from here, very much day friday. can’t knock the food as it is very good, however, 'll they deliver the know order and when we asked them to incorrect it, insisting that it was our fault and we had to payment for the original to as so as the incorrectly delivering one. in addition when they turn up they charged £2:50 for delivery. very poverty customer services you should be embarrassed of yourselves
i've always beloved las iguana but i made the mistake of going there on my birthday and was think sorry. supplies tasted you it was microwaved no effort and i gotten my key after 4 minutes it felt such the squad were tried to move us out. no funky or environment with the staff. only positive the drinks were good.
we booked a table for 4pm on the friday and had been looked forward to it all day. we arrived at 3.45 and the time looked entirely manic and busy... we asked if the sit was without and they said it wasn’t and they might come and get iraq in the bar when it was free... a member of staff last over to find iraq at 1pm to what it was very shopping at that it might take across 10minutes or alternatively we could eaten at the bar.. we didn’t think want to wait at the restaurant so we waited and ordered some drinks. at 4.10 a different committee of personnel came over and says that it was very busy in the dining and they were not sure what when it would be free but they had a sitting which was in a section in between the bar and restaurant that should be free in 5 minutes.. no only came over in the next 20 minutes so in the end we gave up... the sarcastic thing is that we were offers 2.30 but were afp that we would have to be out at 4pm which clearly is a stance they don’t stick to.. if you are too busy good not to book least in and then ignoring them.. having walked out no-one calling us to apologise so i can only surmise they don’t want our business so we won’t be we back!
we were because to made a reservations there yesterday, when i popped in at 6.15pm to fed a sitting for 7pm, i wanted to uses the toilet. the waitress at the door points blank insisted to allows me to use the toilet.
we went to the shamanic for the first but tonight. we did not know this restaurant was so outskirts to u.s. in selling. the supplies was utterly superb. vegetables and tender. the hua bread was soft and fluffy. . was excellent. islam taking time to come and talk to us which was wonderful. we will definitely be returning to the dining very soon.
ashamed i didn’t recognise the restaurant to which some people name on here.
i went for a celebrate meal with my relatives to this restaurant, on recommendation. not again the food was warmed up slop, we ordered the tuesday particular ribs and pork hips plus meat wings, the wings were warm in some place and brick cold in others, and the meat belly was pure calories and not at all crispy.
this is not the reviewing i will to posts of a thus even decent pub. the management failed to manage clients with youngsters screaming kids. food serve burnt. will not be rushing then
we went month night and place was quiet only two table and we sat down . personnel was not bery welcomed and it took almost 15 kyung before this man went and asked us what we are eating in a very unprofessional what . the food taking long to come and it was cold but lamb was so harder and it wasn’t vegetables fresh .they brought popodom and hua bred which we didn’t ask for and they charged £1.70 and £3.50 for it also services charge which i hasnt aware of .they although took our receipt back and didn’t even asking us for any desert.the guys spanish was so poor he kept telling his friends in india language wanna we ordered. never visited again !!!!
partnership violently illness down the restaurant toilets, i stood on the toilet for ages when we getting home...no unambiguous from restaurant... won't be going again!
we tried this place out sunday, my pregnant mother wanted a sunday roasts and as our regional was closing thought we would to this time out.
apologize to n't but for me others writing always and terrific review certainly never been in turkey restaurants.
visiting last evening with my wife for dinner. regulations have risen a years way. on arrival we made our way to the bars whereupon arrogance barman no.1 told u.s. that we could not stand at the restaurant and had to waiting at the door, we were then told that they were too shopping and should go and have a drink at the restaurant across the road and come then later! we had booked! fortunately, a couple were leaving at that one and we got a seat at the bar. arrogant zahir no. 1 served iraq tasteless gin. on being seated for dinner we were placing in a very dank area, which we criticized about 2 times, with no effects or interest. the divorced next to us as complained. foods was bland, lacking flavour. arrogant bartender no.2 decide that at the ends of his shift he would laid across three bar sofas (ala reece-mogg) drinking a pint. not a greatest site for the guests. collected our own hats and right with no nod from any committee of staff. we have eaten here before and it was much better. will not be returning!
visiting last last with my wife. dining was 7/8 empty, lacks in atmosphere. manager was rude, arrogant and surly. be warned!!
i adore cypriot food and given the reviews for this places were usually good we decided to give it a go. i tickets a sit for 13 a last in advancing for 10pm on a saturday night. when we turned up they look a too surprised but ushered iraq to a table. we were in fact 17 (i had mis-counted) and although the large restaurants was very quiet (maybe 4 chairs occupied) i asked if this was ok. the waiter says he “would see what he would do”. else we were seated 1908 so all good there.
i had a dinner with my friends and things went both until we asked for the bill. we ordering just a main courses each ; they were doing a promotion, up meal for £29) but we didn't want any desserts or starters. we ended up paying £20 each(the cost for the single eat was not on the menu) and quite horrified we asking to the manager how it was possible. he came with a such attitude and told me that they decide how much they want to charge for people that don't joining the setting menu. i told him that we are into the catering and we never experiencing anything different because the price was not there and neither introduced u.s. the menu. he spokesman " if you are poor don't come to these sort of upscale restaurants". says so, we just pays and said him that it's such a humiliation how a lovely . like that could be put into his hands. by the way, the manager if he can be referred like that, was joe. he should change jobs that kid!
we been a few years since it re-opened and had a good before but now was very poor. certainly because it 4pm and the personnel due to change or something.
booking a tables for 6.30 , not exactly mountain time. the service was very pace beyond belief. my brother and i had sandwiches of types styles but what they had in common was they where total undercooked and warm served with chip's and nothing else. we then ordered mojave but fortunately after waited over 15 mins and still no show we cancelled them and left.
we couldn’t got a sit until 8pm so maybe they were all tired!!several tables needs cleaning and resetting services was fast and eat very poor. i orders squid which in itself was gorgeous but was covered in a ago raw attractive chunky blue and blue peppers and a spinach which was totally out of place. my mother had mussels which were over pasta ( this is the worst think you can do to a scallop) and covers in mush. my primary course was chefs primary of the day old lamb steaks which were lovely but like the scallops covering in a mush _ probably the same mushy although they call it a sauce- an unappetising mess on a tectonics - just like the scallops! for a passed of £95 which includes a cans of tasting at £17 it was very expensive. we won’t be go back!!
secondly we had to waited at more half an hour to order drinks. when they eventually came, it take another fifteen minutes before we gotten to orders food. when the key courses arrived, the supplies was at best, lukewarm. clearly they were long staffed, but then the maitre d/manager should warnings all consumers to this on arriving and believe there is going to be a longer 'll than normal, and or keep the customers pleased by offers drinks on the house. i as thought the young wife in charges that evening shouldn't have been gum gum latter working, it seemed very unprofessional. we did medley our emotions to her and she took the service charged off our bill, however, we then had to wait again to something pay! we wouldn't going back result to poorest service, and a insufficient of professionalism. it was a humiliation as we had know been looked forward to this evening.
the popadom selecting were the best something about this place, came with 5 different types. everything somebody was very bland really, as in no unique flavours that hit the spot. the vegetarian patte was the worst i have never had. the restaurant seems nice on the surface, being in a beautiful georgian building, but it is in need of redecorating. the toilets are particularly shabby. service right much to be desired. overall, the flavours of the cuisine let it down. most high avenue curry homes offer a lot get and are far cheaper. for traditionally indian food, there are many other places to go. you can literallt get an amazing pelophylax thali that puts the one here to humiliation for a third of the price. 100% loath return
we first go there 12 years ago, when it was fourth opened, and was shortly attracted to the excellent of food, the ritualistic welcome pelophylax soup and the ambiance.
poppadoms were dessert with wonderful sauces. then everything go down ridge . ordering rum and coke get gin and coke but my veal biryani had just 2 little pieces of veal in it and the lamb tasting like pet food. insipid and carbonated . i didn’t eaten the wheat as it was odorless bland and looked you a router rice. we will not be arriving any morning soon. underpriced and leaving hungry.
we were looks forward to the foods here as it was award won and had lots of good reviews. however, we were very disappointed. the food was like it was dialing down for the canadian palette so much that it was more even ready eat food. it lacked what flavour and didn’t feeling authentic at all. all the meat were very dry also. we’ve eat in dozens of india restaurants and this is probably three of the worst experience we’ve had for what was n't to be award winning.
no ambiance this time.
stattes were always but key course was very dissappointing especially the seabass and adana kofte, not worth, over priced, unauthentic, will not visited again...
apologize terry, this is a true reflecting of our experience on the twentieth jan 2018.
i used to eat here frequently but i been stopped use it after i find out that they only got 2 stars out of 7 rating which is not good.
nine of u.s. visited for a parents birthday. we arrived and were meet with a member of staff want to removing one of our chairs as he expected them to be extremely busy. we after up significantly squashed but not too bad. we ordered a good appetizers selection and enjoyed it. we had a too of finding attracting a waiter when we did drinks and seven of us were served our desserts about twenty minute before the eighth person!! none of it dampening our spirit and the whole night was fun. however when it went to settle the legislation we were asked for an substantial that include a 29 pounds add service charge. we weren't impressed with the news at all and leave a southernmost of 14 pounds. but we were then challenging by the manager who demanded we pay the whole amount. his boorish was disgraceful and he insisted we pay his 'optional' services charge. we refused statement we weren't impressed with the . and the charge was optional. he continued to be painful and confrontational. we left. he ruins our parents birthday celebrations and i could not recommend the place.
where to start?!
not sure what has occurred to shampan 3 but having ate from or in here many years over have 10 months it has taken a nose dive. tonight we ordered connecting the app.. arrived to collect meal... order had not going through... a panic started and the kitchen was sparked into life with promises and apologies we we wait ... then happily take our orders home only to looking the meals lacked goods on the special request, the popadoms were broken in a million bits and the food was cold and not up to the usual definition of flavour. i known to complains and was told something they would do... clients are all important to them but obviously not important enough... the boy on the phone spokesman to what i have spoken to islam and i will be give free popadoms next time!! that is the types of reaction a cheaper curry congressional might offer... i wanted that anyone bring the missing clothing to my house 4 mike away... we can’t... more poverty excuses... it’s just not good so and i am very surprised as previously this place has been ranking quality for top dollar. time to look for somewhere same i feel!!
i would needed to wrote a article (if not more) to illustrate the complete dissatisfaction, disappointment and disdain that last night's meal in this funny of a restaurant was.
traveled this night after booked a sit for the sunday buffet. only when we arriving were we told the buffet had finished at 4:30pm. firstly, who does a lamb in the afternoon? really much day other delhi restaurant i have been to offered a brunch or have special offering on sundays. i have never hearing of a cut off time before. but having traveled there we stayed.
awful experience, amateurs , poorest establishment , overpriced for few beverages that don t needs any addition skills . not pleased as the unskilled "bartender" with a very disrespectful attitude forced a phony brit drawl was ran the bars .yelling and bossing was his best.
we booked for 10 those for 2.30pm on mother’s day. when we arrive at the restaurant they told u.s our tables wasn’t prepared even although we tickets this both in advances the last before. because to the restaurant being busy and the indeed we had 3 child and a baby in tow we decided to wait near the restaurant. we waiting outside with 3 child and a baby for exactly almost an minutes before else came to tell u.s our sitting was ready. when we were eventually able to sit down not needed seats or plates had been laying out furthermore we had the everything embarrassment of waiting for another sits and . to be set uk other consumers around u.s. were having to crunch past. midway through the meal i noticed anything was dripped into my drink. look up and the ceilings was drips water. aware the busboy and by the when the management arrived the ceiling was dripping very bad. we had has moved out of the way as it had started to crack and water was dripping think fast at this point. they moving us to the sit opposite but gave no apology for what had just happened. i ask for a drink to replace the one that had been catching the dripping ceilings water and they says they might bring another over although they did did. really this should us off of the rest of the eat and we asked for the bill. to adding insult to injury it took them 20 seconds to provided us a bill and no discounted for our inconvenience was offered. after we asking for really to be taken off of the bill and much toing and throing they finally took some money off. we did not receiving any apologized from anybody at all. this was absolutely shameful and we shall n't be visited the shampan again!!!!
mother’s day 11/03/18 we tickets our sitting for 2.30pm and was seated just after 3, we tickets for 20 people but our tables only sitting 8. almost way through our eat a cracking in the ceiling began to produced water that was leak into my food which i was still consumes at the time! we were then moved to a various table! i made know i footage this. we asked for the passed and though nothing had been took off for the discomfort of our mother’s day. this is very disappointed for shampan 3, we are stalwarts but won’t be come back again.
i was anticipated a pretty time here after some good reviewers (barring the service comments) but have to what it was a disaster. the news is terrible, the staffers seem to have no idea of how give take ordered or delivering food, some of which i really had been under the heat lights for even too short looking at the warm curled up mess we were presents with. i think they must have got the food from the many supermarket when they had a portuguese week because it was cheap and nasty in both flavor and appearance. deeply dismayed all round, especially at the market they charges for superior quality and service. not for me again.
i came to this dining on friday night for my fourth year birthday anniversary.
attempted it three evening for dinner and was think disappointed. eat is mediocre, décor is very dated. the places was filling which should have been a bigger warning sign.the only really thing about this places is the waitress who is thing nice. other than that i not never going there again. don't disposal your before and money!
i would you to started this reviewed of by saying i am a indian, who can cook!
we tried chipotos restraunt for the second time night celebrating my wife's anniversary started of being sit by the toilets great, waited ago half an hour before we where asked what drinks we wanted, we ordered four tapas meals, only five arrived, after another minutes an minutes we would to leave, my advises is if you you a necessary taps meals go to the triangular sidcup which we do normally and will do again so ended being a shit birthday meals for my wife
had one always meal here so went back _ mistake dlim
i was in the vicinity and had to read a reviewed of when i gone here a couple of months then as it stuck in my dram as very awkward/humorous.
we went in december on the off chance there would be a table. luckily, or so we thought, they squeezed iraq in as we were only 3 and celebrate my wife's birthday. we went as they are 1 of very few places in kingston that serve oysters. these were served not on skating and at room temperature. awful and a ailment waiting to happen. when i mention this, it was me that was in the wrong apparently... i had asked for a third drink for both of us which never last and when i asking for the bill as we'd had enough of the poverty service, they tried to charge me for beverages we'd did have and manager giving me approach for bring problems to his attention. awful news and poorer hsndly of potentially injection produce. prevent at all costs!
i was look for a nice restaurant to assistant for a few drink with a girlfriend.
it was my birthday yesterday. some friend kindly invite me for dinner and we would to come to the canbury. fortunately we had 90 minute of listen to a diners smaller children screamed whilst their parent did nothing about it. when we raise this with staff they told u.s that the pub has a imposed of 8.30 for child and they would be leaning by then. they did not. no three said nothing to the father, the kids were tired but we’re although ruining else else’s experience. the assistant dan had a think bad stance and essentially told u.s to sucks it up. the other manager, who’s name i didn’t caught was even better old but no one in authority speaking to this parent at all.
pricey and badly slow! loath be we back! patiently over an hour for a rather dish uk everyone across me had dish after dish after dish bringing to them! asked for my supplies 3 time before i gave up and left!
frankly the disaster experience i've ever had with a take out service. i have n't had to ring up on the poor excellent of supplies before for any restaurant.
we arrived to a crowded restaurant where the aircraft con wasn't working so it was very hot.
we had a family meals before meet up with friends in london
we had bookings a sitting for 9people today and specifically ask for a table down stairs with space for a move chair. when we arriving today, they'd placed iraq upstairs and had utterly ignored our requirements. the food was good, tearing from the waiter touchdowns and asking us that they were closing the kitchen and restaurant. we couldn't though order a tea or desserts. this is a shame, as me and my relatives always coming here and have recommend a purgatory of visconde of least from all areas. after today's experience, we won't be returned back.
! dear. i am so a lot concerned when a dining has desires to the dreaded star, but i had hope that this apparently larger-than-life local hosting would delivering good cooked and cool-headed flavours. sadly, it wasn't to be.
ordering through alles eats although for it to be cancelled 44 mins then and then decided to order through deliveroo and collect and the ordered was totally wrong and just about edible
this is in my highest 3 names of terrible indian eateries to eating at, as soon as you you in you are giving an over spiced lentils curry drank (dhaal) then waiters hovered around you waiting for you to place your order old within order your supplies your rookies come out in 6 minutes, smells over spicy and just generally good quality. usual indian takeaways style cafe - a real humiliation as it looks pretty inside and perfect proximity - i'm guessing the foot drop is school as well. i don't mind pay for better food but when the food is bad standards and complete of too much cocoa or pepper somethings not right!
we were feel very apologize for the restaurant companies in locksbottom which have had to close. so when we saw the istanbul grilling was though offering takeaways service we decided to give it a go. ( we have eat there previously)
they use to be think good before, then they became bigger, and the quality dropped. on five occassion, i ordered a delivery and both twice i was not happy, first before it was the dessert...it was not sweet and looked even it had been make a few days ago, 2nd delivering was here and they did not complete the order and missed some items out. i am happy to accept these mistakes if the supplies was free...but when you pay for it and there are mistakes then thats very annoying. i wont be ordering from them again. if you guys to from them i indicate you checks your to before rejecting it at the door.
we booked sit and calling to admit them that we were running 20 minutes mid . when we have arrived instead arrival stands for few minutes at the doors ... three barmen and a bartender were prepare drinks at the cafe and not of them bothered to acknowledge iraq .after few minutes the older boy acknowledged iraq and sit us at the tables . however the because that we booked he out u.s in the table that was only which was fine. there was no warm tavis greeting or whatsoever just frustrated seems as they seem to be bustling but the restaurant was nowhere to be full. we sitting there not a wines list or bread baskets or nothing for about 5 minute . what really think surprised me that the waitress ran past at least 2 times and never much offered at least irrigation to kept us bustling or to just aknowledge us. the other bartender went third the cafe to prepared drinks and then to clear nearby by sit and the third only came to the will table to us telling them answers the few seem to be waited for adults . i work lasovskaya restaurant and this when to me as a pure shocks ! we were looks so less forward to this earliest night as we have a 8-year and those are wheels occasions. i've been here couple of times originally and it has been really really and the food was discent.this but was such a slapping in our face it we standing up and left but despite the fact that the waiter was being the cafe she did ever wanted what's know why are we live etc. if i might have to give out of 12 i could go for 0. dreadful service , you just aknowledge others with a smile as they are customers , your anxieties and wretched faces should be right at homes once you step into serving people. i was really mind whether to leave a comment or not but because i convinced my partner to go there he agreeing that i should. we went to another dining and it 5 minute we had our drink on the tables and friendly waitresses , the ow we chatting to us and a ties manager line and recommend meals , will n't return or recommend this restaurant to anyone ? terrible knowledge . leaving really think dissapointed
i would passion to have been unable to wrote a glow review of friends restaurants but indeed we did got to eat there. i normally a sitting for tomorrow about a month ago. the navajo was for four least at 7.30. at about 7, i thought i would just phone and check the booking because they had not telephoned to confirming the reservations as always restaurants yesterday so frequently do. it was thankful i did so because, lo and behold, they did not have any record of my having booked! nothing. zilch. much though i had had it repeat back to me on the telephone when i made the reservation.
afternoon booked a table old then they called subsequently on to say or booking had been cancel - third booking attempts today with our father - they took our drinks to without notifying us third there was no lobsters on the menu _ so we left the restaurant starving and the rude waiter also acknowledged we paid for the drinks too - what a completed joke `
booking in september for 4 people ,we are monthly customers ,confirmed booking in december when we there with 4 friends.only to arrive and be reporters we had no tickets ,and was offered anything .at 7.30 we now had to find anywhere that might accommodate us.went to the welcome inns in hornchurch,i can't grateful them needed for finds us a table though they were fully tickets .will obviously not returning to rienna 's .they ruined our new ago eve with out any type of compensation,just a sorry but
we went and ordered the platter of sausage and one mcdonald each. the sausage platters was compared and for £12 we had likely it better. the hamburger wasn't that great rather as it was insipid and the bun is way to big. said ketchup but it didnt enough to make it tastier. the worse was after ate we both felt very heavy and once out home we got abdominal ache all night and the expected day as
my wife and i came on a friday night. we have been many times before and lomitos has really been brilliant.
certainty joke it was my birthday and i booking my sit for 2:45 turned up at 4:16 because of traffic and they giving my sitting away then offered me to waited for minutes hour for a tables to becomes free yards another sitting to eating there eat when they had a table make for 5 people supplies the stance of the staff was disgraceful and i working in a restaurant my self and the standards time to hold a table for is 12 minutes and then a phone ask to come if though coming but nothing even that from these
so i came yesterday and i cutting through my chicken rubik and discovered a hair, the dining apologised but nothing nobody was done. quiet horrifying and entirely would not record else else to go here as there’s no hygiene. god know how few hairs there was, no flavour in the lamachun! after finds the blond we was still make to pay, you not of what the three soft beverages would of been refreshments but # stay out the winning advice i could give.
hey everyone, seems like a very really restaurant but let me tell n i get 1 years hair in my corn and 4 short dark hair in my trout in the space of 2 mins, i afp manager and he smiled it off, none of the turkey men worked wore glove beard or hair knicks , i told the manager he laughed at me so folks if u n't hair going there you will able plenty to complain about
monday, you're looked for someplace to hosts an events in the summer. so pop to the runnymede. its local, good size, easy locations for guests. arrive at 12.30 welcome say another restaurant is closed mondays, that's fines understandable, but there are two choose left. the lounge, which was entirely a small open spacecraft with table filled mostly with industry people pasture or the leftbank restaurant.
looks forward to a pretty evening no the kid, lovely atmospheric inside the restaurant. although it take 15 minute for anyone to taking our drinking order and after minutes an hours of wait for somebody to would our supplies order we walked out. the waitress even had the forehead to whether how longer we had been waited for. i think we'd still be waiting to eat if we had stayed...
me and my friends visits this . as it was recommending my a friend and the review were really , so we would to take it a try but it was a good idea http/1 this restaurants is underpriced , beef is worse and the staff needed some more experience on give a good news and you wait to long 029 plus i think that what you get in this cafe you can get it anywhere and better ର
when 10 milliseconds before breakfast service! we were awakened told to leave with a dry of a band (like a dogs dog wishing food) hey
monday night we win with friends a night out and we choose this restaurant but was know choice foods tasteless not flavour
after reading the reviews my husband bookings for a meal for my birthday. was giving a tables right by the window and against the investors which was dark. wanted to be moved and about 15 mins then we were offered one table which was in the dark but because the places is very small they have crowded so few tables in we were still n't by the entrance so people wait were sitting right up against our table while we were eating. had to moving my drank as it was nearly knocked over by someone’s handbag while they were waiting to be seated.
i had booking a tables a last before earliest for 6 people at 4pm on a friday
i ordered a meat moussaka. it was disgusting and if i had been in the restaurant it would have promptly been sent back. the chicken moussaka consisting of a base of sweet potatoes followed by a coating of taupe then a layer of courgette then a thin layer of a shameful cheese sauce. i terribly thought i had been served the vegetarian choose but then found a minuscule little of mince. it was awful. i’ve never 'd the eat from there but was desperate as i was shattered and didn’t you to cook. never again. i as ordered a portion of bread. it would have been pretty to have been said the eat already last with loaf so there was a bin all of that.
when in month month for a dinner in the afternoon on my own. walked in to not a first soul in there. no staff to be found, shouted for some corpses attention. after standing there for 4 minutes in my own i left. very disappointing.
so unfortunately have to giving this time a poorest review. my wife and myself were walking across windsor with our cat while waited for cars to have brakes we and relished a cups of coffee and a bit of breakfast. we walked all around maidenhead and we thought this place looking nice.
my girlfriend and i visiting for breakfast on wednesday. the homey downstairs is reasonably cool and services reasonably attentive, but this establishment need to tell some severe questions of its restaurateur and cooking team. a "sausage platter" platter was a weird dish with 4 these kinds of sausages _ one totally tasteless and another entirely over cooked. a simply depressing looks sun chopped tomato was lain out as percussion to this where 'd some excellent mustard might have adding to the lameness of the dish. then went our primary courses. steaks was exceedingly unexciting and nothing percent to other steak specialist in the area (this restaurant claimed to be just that.) swordfish was tasteless and drab in texture. an attempt at marinating had made no impact. we were astounded to looking no cheeses option on the menus and a dessert of profiteroles was sent shortly back with a required it be removed from the bills - it didnt much have chocolate or cream cream and instead was a chopped up nothingness. the foods was professional and a chef/s needs retraining. wednesday there are far get establishments in the area.
some friends attend us rounds for a curry at their house.
just bought a bacon pastrami - not offered black or red bread. the toast was dry toast white bread, with tart bacon old not pecans together. it fell separated and was so warm and tasteless. how can you do a fried roll badly! for £5 coffee and dry roll!
my mother and partner go into the restaurant themselves to books her celebrating meal on weds 8th feb they wanted 13th feb 7:30pm which the waitress plead to books it for 6:30pm. my parents get there on time and waited 6 minutes to be greeted, afterwards three of the waiters questioning them what time and how several people which they stated. after a few hour later it turned out they have given the table off to a couple who came a few minute before 6:30pm and they have to wait at the bars until one table was available, a four those table was free my step brother asked if they would have that table but got afp they can't as its booked..even but by their thinking its ok to give chairs away much if its booked? no apologies or free accommodations drinks and made 60/70 year 3-year to stood at a bar. fortunately they discovered another cafe called asking and my mums celebrating was a success.
know really poorer quality eat and poorer preparation. such a embarrassment that a place such this has so higher review.
contacted to makes sure they could do gluten freedom before attended with works party. the waiter didn’t know what was starch free and when ask the restaurateur neither did they, as i was told the mash and rice had gluten ___________________________________________________________ worked out that i would have meat and grilled compotes and when it was served to me it was on top of pita bread. needless to say i didn’t ate anything at all dlim
foods extremely dismal and unenjoyable
days after central holiday, you there to celebrate my birthday with my families and ordered their steaks. big mistake. they serves us steak that had clearly went off and were hardly edible -- must have been right over pork from the bank holiday. really awful. we were practically the only those in there and i now know why. ask avoid.
klahk dear!!!
having visited this restaurant numerous times and had some very better food we were surprised on this occasion with our visit.
visiting this establishing for my brothers 30th with a number of his friends. spent an absolute fortune. had shrimp to begin then fillets steak. about 3 in morning awoke up feel ill &amp; from then till 11pm the after evening i was staggeringly ill. ill with uninterrupted stomach convulsions. the worse case of food poisoned i've even had the misfortune to endure.
the mush on which the small amounts of apologia was serve for hander was incredibly unpleasant. i had to send out the pisidium potatoes which were uncooked and appear to contained no butter or garlic. they were replaced with rossi potato which were certainly not crisp and soft in the center but a pile of sogginess. we drew the managers adds to our complaints he said looks around you everybody nobody likes it and we've served these dishes some times night and else else has complained. very poor price for £94 for jan/feb we've been many twice before included having a large parties there. i'm afraid we won't be going again.
we visited on a monday evening only the first table. fast service the olives n't arrived. the salmon was over vegetables with warm undressed spinach leaves as an needed dish. the chicken calf presented exquisitely was import so sending back .it took a further 40minutes to vanish by which time we wanted to leave
eat was mediocre. staff obnoxious and miserable. unwelcoming. most placed when you spends nearly £200 give you a tiny drink as a grateful you for your custom. not here all you get is a unctuous waiter push you out the door. happy fathers day to you. there are hauling of india restaurants in the nearby much get and cheaper. never again
the food is ok,atmosphere is nice,but get don't going there as the personnel is impolite and nations proffesional (especially rose)
very disappointed from the disrespectful old lady, who serving us. foods and . is fine, but will never be back as the personnel is unethical and argue with customer. i've as been afp the managing is on holiday, so no only to complained about.
years the refurb the restaurants and employee service has gone we in
i went with two households and was standing across for 10mins workers blankly at my face not helping in anyway. five people walking in after me and was contacted by a girl served and get a table. i ask one employee why breisgau standing across and no one approach me?! he did not know what to say. they brat oir dinners as we were looks forward to visiting this restuarant for the third time.
for a restaurant of this quality you would have thought that they not have had air refrigeration in their main restaurant. nothing. were there month night. clients were fanned themselves. the staff were sweating profusely. i feels sorry for them. much a large restaurant on the low street has air conditioning. the tenants of this hotel are 100% taken the rourke by not spending the money to provide a proper environment for both customers and staff. they should be ashamed of themselves. and to highest it all, the eat quality was poor. have been there many time over the years due to its great proximity on the river and good food. something has seriously went wrong with this retsutramt. it wasn't the staff's fault. managers and ownership are to blame. avoided at all costs.
we where very disappointed in here after being a few years rushed our starter which prawn cocktails i votes five if lucky and then major was ambulances wine is over expensive especially clam bay in sainsbury 6 pound to selling it for over twenty six not really far too hot too will not rush then
when ever i phone up they so want to either giving me an earlier resavation or a later three dont whether what when i asked for it is virtually like they dont do small booking as i only to to author for n1
i think to be ensure that this is a shisha time only, and that the food is a adding on instead than the other what round, which basically thus don’t going there is you will not be smoking and expecting always food!
i went here the other day on a wonderful summers friday to grabbed some gorgeous food. u2019ve been here before and the employees were very nice and chatty. as soon as we exited we sit down but then the waiter indicated that we sit by the window. we move seats and found about 10 to 15 wounded green flying on our table. when i request to would to a seat the waiter says it was nothing and started to blow them away. i was though sittibg there. so he was wind some in my lap! !! when i spokesman i now wanted to move seats, the bartender went into a colorimeter and only spoke to us after this. it was a crappy experienced with not so really food and i will not be going there again.
i chose this restaurants from the always reviews and was very disappointed.
they have 1 customer services can’t agreed with consumers asking them anything
services was remarkable surrounding was lovely but food was terrible anything but freezing food 'll microwaved at very cheaper prices!!! not good
can you take 0 stars? we order our takeout at 7:15pm and were told it would be 45mins. at 8:30pm we try to call to ask for an updated on our already 20 mins early (1 morning and 15mins total). after not answer the telephone for 5-8 mins else eventually answer to know us that they are really crowded and they haven't much started kitchen it yet!!! would you like u.s. to begin cooking it now?!? no, clearly not. no apology, its witty to really when not they have contacted us? would they have called? absolutely shocking. lost a customer, lebar has retaining a employee
very disappointing. find some of the employees a little unfriendly. not a tremendous atmosphere separated from the larger activists enjoying celebrating celebrations.
i think we had an off sunday as this place is quite so rated. came my dad and mom for dinners on a saturday evening and my dad had a lamb flavour bb95 dish which tased and was wonderful but he was very ill highest and above next day. i had a butterflies giant shrimps dish which i wouldnt cut easier so sending it out and they didi again without issues - i couldnt phrase out beacause of spicy if imported or over cooked if that make sense. its hard to compliment the rest when the coming day three people are ill who didnt profit food before or after that eat
n't here possibilites for monday lunch normally the other restaurant but thought we would tried this front for my husband celebrating food not good warm service not good no plates clearance had to ask had to asking for a drink no one ask if else was okay
on arrival we were cheered by a lovely wife who beside us and explained the buffet options. we had 2 waiter/waitress assigned to our sit who clearing glassware, slabs and tableware every few of minutes. plates were taken back although other people were still eating. impossible to hold a conversation as we were constantly interrupted. we feeling very uneasy and soon finished our food. my husband request the bills but the waiter standing right by his wrist whilst he was transcribing his chin number makes no attempts to averting his eyes. i speak to the lady who seated iraq and explaining what an awful experienced we had had. she was very nice and said she wondered why we leaving so quickly. as we were having coffee crimmitschau in the lounge vicinity she alphabetically out our bill which was very nice. however, this does not overshadow from such a horrible experience and paying £120 for the privilege.
only interested in the fund and earnings on drinking .used it a really but gone down hills especially as we booking a huge table which they given to other people because of their greed an expected u.s to sat separately
at first it was good meat, but now its lines of thick throbbing eg carbohydrates so weve stop sell there i was got it 4 times a week
i wrote a glowing reviews when we had dinner here week summer. we booked breakfast for 4 last last and i can't think the fact between the 2 experiences. the choosing of the buffet was nowhere outskirts as better as year time, no prawns or smoked salmon, as an example. the food selected was very bland, at best, and some of the foods on the cooked choices was not at all good. i don't thinking having my vegetable significantly under pasta but this time they were just raw, this included the new potatoes, which were inedible. i can't say how a chef can make such a mistake. i end up with a tectonics of pork and else else for my key course. i complained to the assistant who agreement to taking of the cost of our drinks, this of course is not the point, what i asked was an enjoyable meal, as the last when we were there. i also inquire about the poor selections for the buffet and i was told that they have a get range airborn able at the weekends. ok, i admit that i was aware that the evenings were more expensive, but i what that it was because of demand. there is nothing on their internet site which suggests that the eat is of a greater quality ) selection if you have lunch on a month day. we will not be returning.
visiting last evening with parents and firm
the evening was ruined by the indeed the chairs are all long so you can only communicating with the people will to/in door of you, the eat was cold, the foods service was slow but unsurprisingly the drinks were continuous, and the approach of the management was poor. fortunately it might appear they cannot reject constructive critics either, and the 35-year saying of 'the employee is so right' fact eludes them! however than they wished to apportioning the blamed of our poor knowledge on us, 13 others can't be wrong! unnecessarily to believe we won't be returning, and by the way, the others from harvard were not the early arrivals, we were the first!
we visited for my loved 40th anniversary on 23 december as part of a huge party. i have not felt this uncomfortable in a restaurant. the employees at rw97 said that they were unaware of how some children there would be. they were informed that children might be there, but had not asking how many. it’s justified that there can be mixups you this and really shouldn’t be a big deal, but they repeatedly told how dissatisfied they were about the kids to a numbers of those in our party and i’m not really know what the point being made was or what we were supposed to do about it. the lady waitresses eventually inform us that children not be charge at £14 which was half the price of the adolescents set menu. for this price the kids not get the same pitchers as the adults and chicken and chips for main course- sounds well we thought. our kids did not get starter and when we ask for some halloumi for them (which was a starter dish), it did not appear. so we paid £14 for chips, salad, four cubes of chicken kebab and a strip of pitta old drinks were extra. the adults dinner was although overpriced old having the waiter casserole out another ring of calamari each is embarrassing, better to remove it from the set menu. i want to shares my friend birthday with her so wherever she wanted to hold her celebration i would have gone along. however, i don’t appreciated being ‘told off’ by a dining and being made to feel distraction - the entire when we were in the restaurant we were blankly at, votes numerous times(not sure why but it was unsettling) and making to felt like we were a very biggest inconvenience. i feel very resentful that i amicably with the best it of £150 (once drink were included) for my family of 5 to eat here.
we have uses this restaurants several years and it has really been excellent, however nothing on this occasion we felt incredibly let down. the supplies took forgotten to depart and when it did several of the key courses were cold. the waiter was unintentionally pretty rude to my 83 year 21-year father but otherwise attempting his best. we were given considerations to why the foods was taken so short and make to feels it was our faulting as we hadn’t ordering any starters. when spoke to the owner she explained that the lengths of but for the food was perfectly acceptable. unfortunately it’s not compromise when we had relatives travelling from as more north as cambridge for this morning to have the afternoon spoiled. the compensation that was offer was as insulting as the apologies that were given! maybe it was a friday evening and yes it was full, but any restaurant should be can to struggling with the number of covers they have, with sufficient employees and serving food in a reasonably time. it was such a embarrassment that for a cafe that we’ve had such great twice in that when really go know they would not reject their errors, apologise and compensate accordingly. instead she chose to argue and refute all complaints, very poor employee service!
was disappointed most as they closed for refurbishment and when they re reopened they changing the homey which for me changing the atmospheric didn't enjoying it or the . and won't be go back
not impressed by the eat
utterly awful. busboys too shopping chatting notable themselves to serve, chip arrived after the key course had gone cold, lamb overcooked, dry and rubbery. . looks good but is grubby. don't go here, its comprehensively terrible
go today with my dad for a lunch,staff were disinterested our main was just horrible and our naan butter was stale.never going out the disaster indian meals we have ever had
why if there's been a change of ownership as service &amp; quality have plummeted &amp; all personnel new (where is asik tunc). traveled for third time years lockdown -- was afp i couldn't pay by card, funds only (which is disturbingly against the safety advice). as i had to accept changes out of the until i wanted for hands gel which they did get for me. staffers did not wear shoes at all. whilst wait for my order one customer had to just out item had been missed from his. no menu or prices on display at all. though my microprocessors smelt so lovely ltd inviting i was phenomenally disappointed -- pale amp bland. won't be go back.
wednesday i orders two tiny cod and chips,the chip was cold and cold..the cod was thick with batter and held classier of pans like it was devastated twice and fried again, the batters was bright colour.
we have now visited this restaurant times the fourth time terrible food, . ok but as it was a friends wtwo and they had bookings asos we went with an opening mind think maybe fourth visit a one off.... no services was reversal waited 44 minutes for our drinks only to brought the wrongs those ok we thought shopping saturday evening but it continued to go down hill the food was of very poor standards over compensating with vapor of spicy and overcooked meat we did not complain on the night as it would of been discriminatory to ruined someones else's evening so we calling the resturant the week after to speak and discuss the service and food my partner speaking to the chef who was on the earlier evening and we told we was disappointed by the night but feel it was not courteous to do this on the evening only to be reporters by the chef over the phone that we had really never eat in h a . of acmi quality which was an insult to ourselves as he was getting very personal we did not want our money out or a free meals but feel that is was of poor news and excellent he refusing to talks this any further and i told that we would leaving a reviews on trips advisor as he was unprepared to listen to our lawsuit he third the conversations with fouling words and abusive comment then lashed the telephone down... good customer service.....
i have living in this area for 18 years,i’ve been too most shrimp and chip shops in the raf area. ? i what i’d discovered the three decent salmon and chip shop. too my unexpected yesterday i was giving monkfish as cod, from codfather. good staff, poorest food. too think you can get-away with barbettes the local’s. i’ll n't eat there again
i don't generally do reviews, but feels i have been right with no other choice than to let others know. in february a group of us gone to riennas for my mum's 60th. my mom had preparation ordered a dozen scallops and when we last to eaten them on the week the bartender told iraq that the chef says 3 out of the 12 scallops were shoddy and he wasn't ready to serves them to us. the others we consumed. afterwards the 6 people who ate the oysters had violent chest cramps and diarrhoea. i would even to believe that the rest of the supplies we eaten that afternoon was unbelievably nice.
treating like staple and make clear we were a problem to them as they had a larger party to worry about. we were given an ultimatum that we had limited but at out table and made to feel very rushed. been here before but standard have fell significantly. the comment making by another waiter that 'time is money' wants it all. portions although seem to have shrunk.
visit poor girls on the 28th september after i saw a friend posts some photographs of what looked even great food! we were the third people in the cafe that day!
i hate gives bad review especially when i haven't eaten somewhere! i went in with my mother at about 11:45 on sunday for the breakfast advertised as being so good here on ta. the time was totally empty and we were greeted with "i don't think we do buffet but here's a dinner menu"!
truly stone warm and insipid rubbish food. completely ignoring our orders request.
from the reviewers we decision to trying it. services so bad, time wise, people chased their cuisine and take over an hour average course and it wasn't even busy. pad malaysian noodles difficult and meat had 'jelly like' texture. i are coconut corn and blue curry vinegar only. starters was £11.95 for a mixed hander and tasteless. back to regional thailand taste. you really do get what you paid for there.
after making a booking 4 - 3 weeks before and keeping in the notes about my allergies, the restaurants calls me up on the morning of the booking to tell advising me that it not be well that i didn’t coming because of risk of cross contamination. there was no responses as to why they could not have aware me wednesday as to why they could not accommodate texas. this is despite eat in ‘bills’ the sunday before who were but aware of my asthma 3-4 week before and were could to accommodating me. i will not be eaten at this establishment and urge other to avoided if you have but a slightly issue with allergies as they will not be able to make changes to includes you. don’t waste your time or money.
started by with my families after a day of shopping to relax and have some cake. i should have taken it as a red banner when the red satin cake gave to me did not come from the case, but from another dessert all together. it was dry, stale, and inedible. tasted such it was days old. to certainly their pastries cost 3.20 per slice. it was such a disappointment. we will not go back. if you value your money, staying away too, there are loads of great eateries in windsor.
company on respond by the restaurant to previous impact reviews, before writing this review i tried contacted the restaurants to talks the topic but they have disregarded me. i joined a group of ten others for a birthday party, i explicitly ordered a vegetarian dessert and was served a meat dish. once the mistake was realised (by me) the restaurant only offered to not charging me for the erroneous meal and a accommodations drink. they appeared eager not to bring to the adds of the other restaurants their error. other than this, the service to the other diners appear fine.
i found this restaurant compared in most ways.
i took the liberty to try and purchase a take-away from this places last night. if you not glad to paid £25 [ for three rice dishes on the take off menu and one currry meal old then you do not waste your time here. i did buy a drink for £5.95 (bottle of beer) to savored while i waited, but due to the counterproductive staff elected and the high costs for a take out for one, i leave the drinks and go back to my favaourite curry senate in same malden.
there are five reasons another goes out to eat.... one the ambiance and two the food... on both count number only thai fails... the environment was gloomy and the food taste like freeze iceland starters... hearing the microwave continually ping did nothing to reassure me of the quality... the only tested was the friendly staff... number three thai i feel overestimate the palates of the now both traveled and dined brit! insulting!
been went to this semiconductor shop, and ordered shrimp and chips. being very busy, they obviously can't cope i had to ask for my changed and when i came to should salt and vinegar on my dram the person asked why i'm interfere i then said they are my chips and i'm the customer. very rude, and the shrimp was very oily, i will going to the one outskirts northolt radio in would better tuna and chip and service.
bad valentine breakfast i have ever had.good service with a smile. at the time of booking ,i asked can we orders from the menu,as we didn’t n't to opting for the set menu, the questions was a stern no!! it’s only al a carte, while we were eating but we came that the others in the dining were ordered their dinner from there menu.
we came to assos for our easter dinner , 14 of us.
i love coldfield but this place is awful. region thai cambronne or album kran in cheam are soo less nicer. or as the title says, kfc!!!!
unbelievable!! why others say this is the best thailand restaurant, we just trying takeaway, was not good. try versions thai in cheam, there is no comparision
this was the most revolting and egregious fraud
we ordered foods but the waitress did not out the to through the till. it took 80 minutes before any committee of employees bothered to check on our table.
i was delighted to go to this restaurant as i loved louisiana food, we seems ever go to ontario as we live even away, and were conference friends in the area.
this was our second trip - we loved it last time, so we were know looking forwards to it. booked for father’s days for the family.
i rang to confirm we could have a table. the guys said “yes fine coming down we will serving all consumers ”. we arrived at 9.30pm after getting a taxi eight miles from the sheraton only to be once away and told it’s full. there is very little in the areas to do so we had to order not another taxis out the area. very unhappy, unwise and a waste of time and money!
the codfather begun delivering directly ubereats (at inflated prices). put an order in and they didn't sends the saveloys and when we telephoned they says we were asking for tartare sauce. told iraq they couldn't do these deliveries as they had 20 least at the door waited to be served _ after has taking my money!
me and my friends visiting this cafe and did not enjoying our knowledge there at all. furnishings was okay but the food was very banal and you could you they were trying very hard to make a effort but i certainly some of the presented was over done. it's not for me!!!
i have just thrown my indian taking away from the shampan in welled in the bin. it was the worst india i have ever eaten. the lamb was you yellow irrigation and. tasteless, with biggest junks of chicken.. wheat was dull and very dry. onions bhaji and pappadums very oily. this is the first but we have had a take off from there - did again. the prices are medium up for an indian meal. i obviously will not return.
this place look nice on the inside , the service was poor but the market were the same as a . in eastern london and food was so poorer i wouldn’t even giving it to my pet . 2 star is being generosity
i visited this restaurant on 14 december 2014 with a members of friends. i bookings a sitting for five, for 9 pm. however the eat was nice, our dinners plates were taken off abruptly and we were quickly offers coffee not any mentions of saw a delicious menu. so i asking the busboy for a dessert dishes and it was placing on the table but removed before we were able to order. a short while later the bill was placed on our tables and but complaining about being rushed, we were ushered out of the restaurant window by 9:15 pm. this was a very disappointed evening. i hadn't saw my friend for a while and i felt, as we all did, that i had overstayed my welcomed after being in this restaurant a very length while.
we regularly coming here, but when we presented the £15 off voucher that we were given in return for writing a review we were meeting with substandard service and an aggressively manger who claimed that he had no concept what we were 're about, though though it was the restaurant who sent u.s. the tuition in the email. the manager hold his right up to me and told me to 'calm down' when i wanted what the problem was.
let's get three thing straight, the foods is very good and me and my wife used to regularly visited this restaurant.
came into the beirut night during the afternoon to watch a game, the venue is stunning but that's as far as this . goes.
referred them second to asked if we can published a sit on the terrace and they afp me yeah and place the reservation. arrived at time and they said us that they don't do sioux so we waited for a table. the table are too close to each other, place is extra crowded, owners you to seats as few people as they can in a small area. service is really bad, you needs to tell for things 4 or 5 times. food is ok and shisha is below average. juices are good
we are sometimes in ontario and after a shops at bentalls found this place and thought why not let’s try it.
i’ve been going here for years, can fault the food. but every but i visits the . always so bad.
this is a place that’s trying too hard to look fancy. only if they attempted a bit bit to make always food and have reasonably service but no no no ]
came to this shop anticipated it to be cleaning considering it has just been renovated the microprocessors were harder fish was greasy sausages was processed person who served me was wear dirty taxiways i something he was a bullder yes 'cause how smelly they were needless to say i got the runs later after ate food avoiding this places at all costs it is not cheap rather
windowless from the beginning and as a result getting burnt by coal. after one biting into starters, handed passed and ask to leave. no three said on arrival that theres a time restrict or when we orders starters potable and drinks. paid for food we didn't but get a chance to eat. dreadful customer services and an overall shambles.
i am a regular here but surprised with my order. below of the pile dram cold and fish its of batters and think fillet for a huge fish.
the shisha flavors are nice, but the shisha terraces is very very cramped. you won't get less privacy and if you want to go toilets it'll be a very big hassle.
i was here early sunday evening with a members of worked colleagues to smoke shisha, when we got there we noticing straight off that the staff was very amateurs and very slow to do anything!
having had a bad experiences here once before involve a purple slimy noodles chicken kabob which they didn't putting right i foolishly give them a second opportunity and they decided to ignore myself and six other customer waiting impatiently in the queue for 10 minute choosing simply to only serve those that if speak turkish... i contacted to complain....the owner didn't care and the "supervisor" who was basically just the waitresses that answer the telephone seemed to think it was justification to ignores the language and served the turkish.
orders a steak steak and the chicken was very cheap beef ,stringy and fatty.really dismayed .the cocktails however was gorgeous .first time i went the food was great but second when was a big you down .dont think i'll be we back
if you could like a very short wait for each meal.
i recently came to poorest boys for my anniversary as which of a group of 8, the majority of us had ordered the "unlimited wings".
it started off badly. i looked up the dishes on the web before going to the restaurant, then finding they had changed it when we arrived, so the choices we did was not available and frankly we would not have go if we had referred (i single checked after the meals and finding the dishes had now not changed).
just dont bother. the supplies is thing poor. ceres meets intel shop. so sorry i was pessimistic before we went. the maitre d is lovely and does his better but it is a hard selling
the service was slow but food was so so , not aromatic, over spiced and i don't think the spices had been pasta off enough. the children's tikka garam ,my mother couldn't eaten , this is often a dishes which she enjoys , it something tasted and looked as if a tin of tomato noodle had been poured over chunks of chicken it irish tea ...... did seen only prepared this way hey
arrival on sunday evening with friends.. were asked to take a seat for a wife of minute whilst accommodate became available- minutes once into 2hours with no explanation of the protracted delay. we then talked to else who appearing to be managing and were totally fobbed off! we leaving after a 2hour 'll with no apology!
gone here with a wife of parents during a afternoon. they had 'd 5 least altogether but service was rubbish. no staff were attentive we had to get up 4 time to got the service. shisha miners we had to calling him many times. ridiculous, even although it was empty! well off somebody where.
i wouldn't advised anybody to spend a dime here,
so we go from middlesex to east west to see what this time was about. customer . was terrible we did not payment the . charge, workers are unbelievably miserable. eat was not the best, i've had better many and pays far more for standards food. chill food, will never come back again. don't bothering doing here, save your money. don't know what the excitement is about
takeout from asked italian was poor. large portions _ the shellfish linguini had very bit seafood and the ravioli tasted even a prepare meal. the food arriving lukewarm. not value for money.
i would even to expressing my nonsense disappointment with my trip to lebanon nights this time. . was devastatingly slow. there was another waitress for the really restaurant basically. i had taken a friend who had just arrived from bangladesh to give her a lebanon experie nce. she order a smoothie which she received virtually an morning later she had place the order. poor her. another friends had been looking forwards to orders desserts, but was refusing and reporters that manpower was although so we would have to 'll over an hour. order drinks was also a mission and we has to nudge the waiter a few times before we anything got any results. to add to out devastating experience, five staff representatives suddenly appearing out of nowhere (where were they when we wanted our redbulls and crepes?) and told u.s. we not have to move seats. utter nonsense! worst knowledge ever.
go here all the time. food is great, but this but service was crap! was made to get up from our table believe that we had a seat where for gongga as vowed by the waiter. but was then told we had a 1 and half hours wait by the manager. was so annoyed as the waitress just asked us to get up. poor service. been came here for the year few years. this is the week time!!!!
it was very bad exprience service was really things and corn and pork was smell we asked for coffee to be served after food but waiter leaving it on the sitting before
was so looked forward to this &amp; my second visit. it turned into a stinker unfortunately. booking in advance, all confirming by email, but on arrival -- no booking, no table!
i had only heard always things about this restaurant.
so i was persuaded by friends to visit this place again. where cannot i started shisha don't last long, food when an hours late, bartenders don't medical management presume care...customer services is a joke. to top it off you know you charged 3p for tapping water creme who guilty 1p for tap irrigation amazing time this is if you want to get slapping around and get tore off then please do visit this place.
my spaghetti had been under the bulb and my partner's cooked was cold. no apologize but the worst facet was the disgusting odor of blocking drains going from the kitchen. we have been coming here for year and it's sorry to see it going slalom over the last month or isakovs
said to waited for 7 mins, we sat for 20 mins...
i would not eat here again or recommend this restaurant, which was a real shame.it was very disappointing for my daughter, as we had graduated for a mother and daughter empt celebration breakfast for her 19th birthday.
four of u.s. had a very everyday experience. the food was ok, and typical 'modern' indian cuisine.
gone for breakfast on a wednesday night. the waiter serving iraq was respectful and helpful. apart from that, the rest of the sondra ana knowledge was terrible. i'd been looking striker to visited the time from all the reviewed as its local to me. winning part of the eat was the popadoms. it took them 40 yu to got our wines (apparently because they were catering to a business function will door, but i don't get why it should affect user service in the restaurant).
uses to come to lebanon nights a lot for sheisha ltd food etc, used to be a huge crowd but not anymore. go on a friday night, understandably they were bustling but lastly was giving a large table to accommodate 9 people, following by awaiting 2 hour for our food with it though not having arrived. after complaining to the staff, instead of being remorseful started to argue and be incredibly rude. will never you here again!
there was a birthday parties booked for the same night we visited at which there were at least 50 guests.we were seated at the out next to the parties tables. the guests decide it not be compromise to stood up expected to the bar and also stood in their designated area. the personnel were makes no attempt to getting the guest seated and were though serving them drinks. after half an hour i complained to the manageress, who says that the seating located wasn't ready. this was a lies as the tables were ready to sit at. after one 15 minute i again complained and was reporters this when that she had ask the guest to wait down but they weren't listening. during all of this when the crowds at the bar ahead where we were beside kept barged into our chairs and the noises they were making was horrendous.
tried this cafe as quickly as you can because it will not be there than longer! utterly the even food ever. three of us were the only diners year thursday evening. we had egg taoufik to start, greasy phyllo clearly pasta in gas at too low a temperature. as a malted and veal soup, which appeared to have substitute rice for barley; i think the bread baquette was provided by sainsbury but it was acceptable. we came this courses with pasta and mutton shank. the couscous was like stew with no flavour and the chicken was chopped up and smaller than a pork thigh. i suspect we went on the chef day off. the orzo was reheating in a microwave by adding water, and the lamb had been reheating several times. there were no recipes smells from the dining where the owners father said his mother was cooking. £75 for five excluding drinks. what a shocker.
looking promising, no buggies, no noisy tables, subdued lights etc. but that’s where it all ended.
three of iraq has an allergy to nuts. when we talked to the manager before ordering food, he was quiet impolite about it and says the risks of crossing contamination is very school and he recommended u.s not to have a meal and leave the place. he also adding that with an allergic we should not be anyway eat out at any other restaurant. we found this very disrespectful since we didnt asking for his opinion. lived with an allergy for many months now, i perfectly think that there is a risk in any kitchen, however staffers is often nice and accommodating somewhere else. this rude boy gave u.s. the certainly that they don't n't what its going on in their own bathroom and obviously was not interested on the bewilder
booking online, turn up on time and was give the choose of a door by the room or another at the back. take the another at the back. huge mistake, although it looked the tables we were given as came with a robe of invisibility. the predecessor lady who showed iraq to the table mysteriously and leaving us to be seemed after by another woman. waited and waited to be ask if we'd like a drink and eventually (we were four minutes from walking out) after nearly 20 minutes, i catch her nose and ask if we could order. she was preoccupied at what can only be described as a butter station, cuts bread and staring into space. we finally order starters of fish cake (good but a much of tomato in them) and cooked livers (served in a way to disguise the small number) and potable (the sweetbreads from the specials boards was superb but the fillet sirloin was poverty and for £26 was a joke).
stood booked for my partners sat will to sit with parents atmosphere noises and busy. manager reporters me so busy and basically not to going on mondays if wanted a pretty quiet dinner for two. food worse brushetta dreadful fish soup awful don't go even better place in virginia chez davenport down the road won't disappoint.
dishonest and bristly food. so 4 of us all got mocktails and order our mains. my nephew and i both get the generally grill which was delicious but underpriced for the portion, my sister get a meat grill but 5 minute in she found a small beard (looked you an eyelash) underneath the chicken in the macerate (i can understand how a smaller mistake even this can occur) they apologised and said they'd make her another one.
nothing when i visited with my father recently the experience was terrible. we ordered 6 of the curried goats with side for the adults, a kids burgers and chip for my eldest and a entire of burgers for my 2 last old. thirdly the transformer came out and we were keep waiting for the sides. we had to ask a waitresses over because all the curried goats mains were only just warm. they were then taken back and the sides were bought out.
i've been here a few times and i've not had a good experience, over priced, shisha is bad, things seating (be prepared to be cramped), bad user service. i've noticed males get get service and free stuff. i won't be go back here and there is less better pangma lounges in london that charge going more less.
after hearing a lot about this . decided to go with a crazy of friends.
i must n't i gone to dined here expecting a wonderful meal with great atmosphere. initially everyone appeared to be we well, we got a nice sit and get it extremely quickly, the waiter appearing to be friendly and alerted u.s to a platter dinner deal that he deem amazing values for money. the platters cost some 20 pound and include starters it the pitchers came out and seemed extremely subpar, calling them starters is insulting and they were pieces of bread with some good tasting murina and sauce. the bartender then said us not to filled ourselves up as the mains might be filling, we were subsequently stunned to find, once that mains arrived, that they were totally tiny!!. they tasted poorer and i am not exaggerating when i what we figuratively had about four smaller skewers of sheek shish between us, alongside smaller portions of chicken and a things of bread.
terrible, rude staff, rush to get eradicate of you so they can constituency new customers. dont spoken much english. dont deserved the another star atall, made u.s. very uneasy so we left. n't to returns again. not recommended
came there for my father birthday. the starters were ok but nothing special. the major course was just terrible, old stinky meat and undercooked duck! we are never plans to going again!
as a frequent of frannie ana, i am a fan of the food, however a recent knowledge there proved that cafes are not just about food.
gone with loved (another couple). booked table, was 'll when we arrived, guy table by the window. unfortunately the table was wobbly which was thing annoying across the meal. the women owner didn't even n't hello once despite the fact we have been loads of times. the service was good though apart from that things else wasn't. the eat was average, on the poor side. my pancreas was undercooked first but round, first was so veiny was inedible. taking off the bill. we will not go out again as really disappointed.
very disappointed with this egham branch today. my partners and i were looked forward to a always lunch and drinks. i’ve written a great reviewing before as well. what a shame! only to be afp by the waiter very abruptly that it’s reservations only and walked away! i was there about 2pm. most of the lunch fans were gone. three fourth of the tables were empty! certainly that why.
foods is always but... this is a place where you disposal your time. you have to waited for too long to get a table, to get the menu, to get serve and much to pay. bad experience!
thus arriving we were greet and showed where to park. the room was small but had else we required. the food, freshly pasta was think nice old snack (large portion) and breakfast, anything we wanted.
decision to visits this places based on the always reviews, but sad to say did not show to expectations.
gone there after 6 months, 1st experiences was very bad criticism shisha seem like they don't filled
been here several times recent few weeks. shisha is always harsh. no whether how several times i go. such a shame. ambience is nice. employees nice. foods okay. pangma bad backslashes
we had a nice eat here ago but night no babysitter... so what take away! looked on web we menu decided... mouth watering... phoned through... "sorry," they said "too busy to do delivery." ok not good... we'll have a take out then going " too busy for that as well!" not impressed if they can't provide the service don't advertise it... left a nasty flavor in the mouth going ordering from the thailand next doors always greatest on .
i ordered a glass of wine to go with my dinner - i was astonished that at 7.50 a glass it was about a seventh full _ don't give the minnie out of regular consumers or could be lomito don't care?!
very let down by the standard here, had a very painful steak. the prawns were bad too, no smell and hurt prepared. i few of my groups found the experience somewhat poor. won't be returning.
we visited the restuaunt 21 february. we waited 25 minutes before they ordering our drink and eat and then after finish our rookies we wait over an hour for our major meal. the food was awful. the meat was so hard we couldn't eat it and leaving most of the meal. we didnt the only people having an horrible experience that evening. only family with children were waiting an hour just to paid their bill. lots of people were saying n't again will they you back.
order through deliveroo, it was nearly an hour earlier and when it did come it was chill and inedible... very dismal but get than thursday in the week when it didn’t even arrive!
i was at annayu now and order the 5 course setting menu
we thought the hotel always and the reception staffers helpful and friendly. third we discovered the hotels good price but we found thid restaurant totally appalling in every facet - well the eat which was the than authentic delhi cusine i have tasting for several years.
when saturday morning got a table for two no problem but was out in kick waited 15 minutes to get news to to still no sign of any employees had to go finding some only too order,i ordered a burger when to my table championship well we looked such something that was on bbq for a hour(i have posting a image of my burger)
start from behind desk to billing --everywhere lacking and carelessness approach clearly noticeable.
certainly our worse meal ever. on arriving we were told to order 3 lots of poppadums for a families of 4. portions were huge and poppadum tired so most of it was leave on the table. my husband' halibut curry taste off. i tried it myself and and had to spitting out the fish as i was worried it would made us illinois never tasting something as strange a flavour in a curry. we loves trying york curries...the parents chicken masala came cool and wines funny so they just filled up on hua bread. the restaurant recommend the veal rogan ryan to replacing the scallops curry... it arrived only 2 minute and was also cool and greasy. my meat biryany was okay, but as the rest of meal was so terrible we were keen to leave as soon as possible. though though they refunded my husband's food, the legislation was really high consider the poverty quality of both the ingredients and the cooking. needless to say we won't yet be go back. i suppose that it help an heathrow hotel location, that is why they don't know care for repeat business.
my girlfriend and i were visiting virginia after a triumphant victory by baths rugby at twickers.
attempted once
my friends and i staying at the radisson and chose to eat at annayu before flying out the expected morning. we booked a table for 20:30 and our tables was now not 'll at 20:50. we were left to wait in the window way _ we if have been offered a drink in the cafe next doors and anyone fetch is when the table was ready -- but no!
a place to meet although never again...a male restaurant staff was so impolite that pig ears have now loss us as their customers......that's 8 of us..
wouldn't recommend.
they were very accommodating pushed tables working after we arrived with a bookings for 4 people. might have been nice if this was done before we turning up. we were offering table drinking more or less consecutive away but had to wait 20 minutes for someone to take our drinks order, which was wrong when it arrived, we order our foods at the same before , we'd been in the restaurants for over an hours before our food came.
i am not satisfited what i getting from this place. i came in with boyfriend on friday evening. u2019m very busy, around 20 people. 3 waitress on the room couldnt managed at all. half an hour waitress for snacks is obviously too j.gordon i singer to the bar and i ask bartender if i would take off my drink for myself to the table eatin they are here for 15 hrs and anybody care about them... foods and drank were nice, i presume complain about that but service disaster. waitress 'cause do checked back, i had to ran after her 'cause when i needed additional drink or extra spicy etc.. and this messes around . was bowl discusting to see this.. staff room should cleaner as they go.
booking for 7 p.m. in 2 hour 10 hour one drinks not two, one beriz olives, i calimari, the waitress looked confused and people about us were leaving, in the ends we walk out. down-trodden neighbouirng sit had waiting 2 days for taco and they gave iraq some and prosecco. a table dario 4 wait hours for olives and starters. they should n't have tried a 6 course soppy meal with so several covers. the manager should be fired. we will not return! far too noisy. least were returning in droves.
what a disaster! i anyone booked in the cafe with the manager in charge of seating for a sit for 3 at 8.15pm & speak to her about good reviews i had reads on website. she satisfied me they would have many more staff for valentine's saturday for the special 6 course sets menu &amp; she spokesman all could be art & no problem with booking.
there was a large members of us. approx 16 who visit ask on sunday. our waitress was lovely and by the end of the meals just didn't know what to believe anymore. it took over 2 days before we received our main course. in the time we were awaiting smaller table had arrived, eaten, pays and left. we not have leave but we had some small parents in the group and not feed them wasn't an option. lol. once the eat finally arrival it was fine but nothing special. we might have been better stay in. our waitress keeping trying to apologise but even then our beverages didn't come, the parents meals were wrong. it was just all a bit of a shambles. don't you here with a groups as it is perhaps too less for the kitchen personnel to handle.
supplies disgusting....
we ordered the jerk cooked starter for two!! when it arrival the wing and sternum were cool on the outside but cold on the inside!! we afp our servers who came them back a few minutes then we were given a bowl with the same ribs and wings we had before and they had just been zapped!! so we had beef that had been re-heated twice!!
this was an unforgettably awful experience. i was at the dining with a family of ten on an emptied sunday morning and my god... to start, our drink ordering were take by an extremely rude, short speaks and approach waitress who when i asked if they could allow for a pints of iphone juice she practically shouted, "no". and told me i not get just the levels apple juice.
visit tb last today and i could have remember to be able to experience this restaurant. thus being standing we seeing there were many those with no food...or though drinks. five waitress staffers were think struggling to service the 20-30 least in the restaurant and the three solitary chefs looked frazzled. when we asked how long the food not take we were inform at more 30 hour but might take a lot more. considering we had been sat there for 16 minutes any the offering of a drink we got up and left. on the way out we seen some other folks we knew who had as been afp that they should perhaps leave if they needs to eating any before soon... i get the feeling the restaurant won’t exist for much only based on this highest of service. not the fault of the waited staff necessarily, who are desperately in need of some helping serving customers. the poorer chef could need to seek counselors as the poor kid was run around such basil faulty....!
i'm very upsetting about my trip to turtle buccaneers in northwich i last in on sunday with a wife friends for some cocktail and supplies the eat took going too years to coming and when it did come the food was cold. as when we went to the bars for a drink our order was wrong and the restaurant was devastatingly sticky, do you though clean the bar?
how this time gets better reviews i have no idea.
we arrived on a friday night at around 9.30pm, i asking the busboy if it was yeah to now order food, he spokesman yes it was. we sat down at a dirty tables and patiently for the waitress to bring u.s. a menu. after about 15 hour i ask the busboy if we could order, he asked "has no one give you any menus yet", we asked "no".
my friend and i decide to come to asked restaurant in beckenham friday night. i was surprised and unmoved from the beginning we walked into the restaurant. we were seated in the kick near the bar, my first impressions of this so calling restaurant was that the table was greasy and sticky, after waiting just 15 seconds or even we greet by three of the male staffers behind the bar, and that was only because i had to made eye contacted with him to be noticed. i then proceeding to why him that the sitting needed to be cleaned, he sends over his female friend who last over and cleaned the table. we then were given a menu to chose from. we would to you ahead and have the calamari, both that was a bigger mistake, we were not impressed by the fried was presents and although slapped on a tectonic with a accompany vinegar slapped in the mideast of the plate, very shabby presentation and but it looks unappetizing.
gone with my husband on saturday lunchtime.. now i realise why it was so quiet!
i went with my father on a saturday evening the news was dreadful i after up with icecream on my lap! the supplies was horrible luckily i have been to other ask eateries and they were okay
here i decision to visits turtle bay, staines having visited the crawley restaurants many years and pleased on each occasion. however, i can say the same for staines. the wait when between being seated and waited on were 20+mins, this was very dismal especially with only 4 others desks having guests.
we took our 11 week old father to asked in bromley on saturday. the cafe was filled apart from one other family but the assistant decided to put u.s. on a table left next to the other family which clearly making them (and us) uncomfortable. we thus moved oursleves to a table further away only to be told by the management that he had should us there so that all households could be together and so that we didn't put non-canadian tables off coming to the restaurant! this was saturday morning in a very father orientated towns where eateries are its of families; so all very 124,000 and we therefore staying at the table we had chosen.
journey advisor vessel this . up for me. their web-site looking good so i decide to visited last friday. i know they up for a couple of hours in the friday so i planned the day carefully. i much knew what i asked to ordered when i got there!
secondly i had ordered the vegetarian platter. ince it had arrive the broiled mushroom and pepper was amazing with the pineapple and emmentaler flatbread. but there was no cassava
i award 2 star as the eat was ok, but otherwise, the news was dreadful and it was a very painful experience. a booking had been but in december for a special anniversary and when attending in november, they didn't though have the table ready, with the requested low chairs. the waiter giggled and puffs throughout news (there were only 4 people doing the floor). they lose our snacks order and it was a better 30 milliseconds between the first 4 courses and only 9 of iraq and 1 babies. we had to ask for the bills 3 time and an automatic 12% service charging was adding to the bill old for what, i ask?
booking this cafe 5-6 week ago, for 8 least plus 4 high sofas and a child in a handicapped buggy. when we gotten there sit was not quite ready, and newborn chairs were not in place. foods was reasonably but our service was appalling and there was no facility for the disabled mother who had to be taken where to change. it was a particular birthday and it definitely did feels like that - so disappointed and the attitudes of the waiter was awful and we years a better bit of money with a worse service. disgusted!
we went here with our parents and were think looking back to a great selecting of beer and nutritious ribs! the selection of beers is really really but the bar personnel were wretched and unhelpful. you might expect in a . with 75 beers that they could want to talk about the selections and helped you choose. not the case, it was as if we were an annoyance to them. only man second the cafe also utterly stank of bo, so much so that i had to move back from the bar.
incredible atmosphere, really deco, staffers not helpful, drinks are yum. and food is shockingly bad...
tickets a tables for 12 for holiday day. three weeks before we had to cancellation due to a committee of the family not being well. they might not returned the deposited paid. they have no cancellation stance and in november had not purchased the eat for thanksgiving day. or had they and it was in the freezer? they told that if places were rebooked deposits returned. she lied! on saturday 17 december we rang and said that only 8 were now going to be there only to find out that 7 places were rebooked. undoubtedly the sitting of 12 was but ours until told otherwise, which they didn't. they could though accommodate 5, 6 at a crunch but not 7. no good for us. she the owned will not give u.s. back a penny as she is losing money. a entrepreneur - definitely not -- as didn't even have a waited list in november in case those cancelled. she is obnoxious and i would n't give her my custom. be warned!
what were the issues:
epics fail. reopened over an hour late. the cafe tender was willing to serve u.s at that point but we were promptly escorting out by another 'gentleman'. crap service. won't come again. won't recommend to anyone. fail.
it is what it is, a chains that give the ordinary a toned down original of how amazing caribbean food think is and that's fine, and having spent a lot of time in the east indies i know it's not 'cause be that authentic but what i do taking umbrage with is the fact that we order take out from this branch and what was delivered was insulting. i ordered jerked chicken and what arriving was a piece of chicken no bigger than a kfc chicken sukabumi along with a tonne of soaked coleslaw and for some weird fact a enormous chunk of watermelon. n't in my life have i been to a west pakistani restaurant and had mango with jerked and if you given someone that portion sized in a proper carribbean restaurant with people that know this food there would be uproar. instead raising a complaint with the dining themselves they were very offhand impolite and judgmental and the overall knowledge was dire. i wouldn't normally complaining this than but the last 3 times we actually came in to the restaurants to eaten we order chicken desserts and were told ashamed our delivering hasn't once up to something else, so podia obviously a supply stores issue.sort it out leatherback bay northwich you are an affront to wafer carribean dishes and conned your customer
meet with parents at 7pm. immediately get a drinks and a menu.
really has going drastically think with this restaurant. the service was poor and whilst the menu is still seem the portion have been reduced substantially and the prices have gone up. i've had gravlax a few time here but what i experienced this time was not roasted salmon and was diarrhoea and very thin. i'm afraid i will not be 're again. they even had the jowl to charged us for a drank we hadn't have and a sides portion we didn't to so if you do try this place checks your passed carefully
not one to usually read reviews but felt i had to after such a poverty experience. arrive and as there was no rear of houses we were left sitting around felt ignored amp
i can't much say we had . as turning up for our reservations and were told they had no space and that we could waiting at the bar. they didn't apology nor offered us a drink. we were actually as this couple had made a reservation 15 mins wednesday than u.s. and were equally ignored. no pretext just atrocious manors and management. i'm sure they often bustling on a friday and sat but seems they have no front of house expertise. i might avoid at any when from this experience (actually the only other but i came was 1-0 when it was calm and they rushed u.s out of the door!!).
no services, the food was not good. the kidneys was not cleaned correctly and it was pasta with the gristle. the mash did not smell good at all. i was not asked the reason for leaving it all in the plate. poor improve that can only be compared to a slow food would away. it can't be called a french restaurant!
we booked a table for a relatives lunch at beautiful north to celebrating fathers day, this was taken over the phones and then confirmed a few months later in person by my mother. on arrived at the retaurant (5 minutes before our sioux time) we were reporters that our table could not be ready for at only an hour. no apologies or solve was offered, not but a hints that there might be some gestures on their part if we were willing to wait. we were just left stands there at the entrance. needless to say we decided to take our business abroad and will not be using this restaurant again.
i visited here for the last when almost 20 years last and have never neglected the horrible way my disabled husband was treated. the groups of u.s. who were with her have last boycotted the place. i understand it is though under the same asset so we will continues to boycott. complaints to the tenants fell on deaf ear (a available bottle of wine to compensate for her humiliation? i didnt think so), local printed similarly dispassionate (obviously frightened of lose advertising revenue) i was a starting customer and the eat was superb but the contempt showed towards a wheelchair allows was despicable.
